The Ukrainian president says the country will not forgive or forget those who murder its civilians.
Jeremy Bowen was on the frontline in Irpin, as residents came under Russian fire while trying to flee.
One of the world's biggest fertiliser firms says the conflict could deliver a shock to food supplies.
The parents of the Manchester Arena bombing's youngest victim speak about their life since she died.
Consumers are feeling the impact of higher energy costs as fuel prices and household bills jump.
Boris Johnson is to meet the Canadian and Dutch PMs, as MPs debate new laws targeting oligarchs.
The home secretary says she is "surging capacity" as about 1% of 5,500 applications are granted.
TikTok suspends live streaming and new content from its platform, while Russians can no longer access Netflix.
Five things you need to know about the coronavirus pandemic this Monday morning.
People have been held in 53 cities, from St Petersburg in the west to Vladivostok in the east.
More than 1.5 million Ukrainians have fled the country. Here's what you need to know after day 11 of the war.
Russian gymnast Ivan Kuliak is being investigated after wearing a national war symbol on his leotard as he stood next to a Ukrainian rival on the podium in Qatar on Saturday.
A Polish couple, messaged from Taiwan, have come to meet a Ukrainian refugee - welcome to Przemysl.
Ukraine's youngest cabinet minister, 31-year-old Mykhailo Fedorov, is leading a cyber-battle against Russia.
Within hours of Russia’s invasion, all over Ukraine, volunteers offered their services.
Several US presidents have failed to get the measure of him but now Europe has joined the fray things may change.
Maxim, a 27-year-old city resident, tells the BBC what happened after the first ceasefire collapsed.
Conspiracy theories and trolls are adding to the chaos of war.
A ceasefire agreement in the southern city of Mariupol, breaks down a second time, with both sides blaming each other.
Prices for everyday items could go up at a time when the cost of living is already rising.
In Ukraine, families are having to adapt to being at war. But what do you tell the children?
The video, shared by Ukrainian armed forces, shows the helicopter being hit by a missile.
The shifting of European history's tectonic plates is not really that unexpected, explains Kevin Connolly.
Russia is being hit by a global backlash after it invaded Ukraine. How does it feel to be shunned?
These Ukrainians say their Russian relatives only trust the narratives they see on TV at home.
After Russia seizes two nuclear plant sites, experts weigh the risk to Ukraine and the world at large.
There are both strategic and historical reasons why the offensive in southern Ukraine is vital for Russia.
Civilian attempts to flee Ukrainian cities being targeted by Russian forces lead Monday's papers.
Lesya and Valeri, both civil defence volunteers, tied the knot at a checkpoint near Kyiv.
The NGO Herosi are trying to find places for the patients in medical care across Europe.
A mother whose son died from heart disease urges parents to know the signs and trust their instincts.
Lynette Lee survived the Zeebrugge ferry disaster 35 years ago - one that killed 193 people.
A student at Queen's University Belfast used his daily walks to record the sounds of Covid lockdowns.
The parents of five-year-old Isla say she is the only child in the world with a rare condition.
The moment a man swims out of the path of a container ship off Southampton is captured on a phone.
Correspondents and experts answer questions from readers on the BBC News website
Ad-testing firms are using real-time software, webcams to find out if ads resonate with customers.
Ground penetrating radar will give a clearer picture of the story of Trimontium in the Borders.
President Putin has for years warned Russia's richest to protect themselves against sanctions.
Russia answers resistance with big guns and sieges. Ukrainians pray that will not happen to them, writes the BBC's Jeremy Bowen in Kyiv.
The award-winning director is championing women in Hollywood after a break away from the big screen.
In the second week of war, the BBC's Ukrainian editor says empty shelves are an increasing reality.
President Putin's devastating attack on Ukraine leaves countries in the region worried about their future.
Two writers on being Welsh when your appearance does not "match an accepted aesthetic of Welshness".
The pandemic and changing family structures have highlighted how young parents are struggling with childcare.
Manchester United legends savage the club's performance in their 4-1 derby defeat by Manchester City.
England seam bowler Ollie Robinson has been ruled out of the first Test against West Indies with a back injury.
Who is a candidate for manager of the season? Who could play until he's 40? And who is back to their best? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
Joe Perry beats Judd Trump 9-5 to win the Welsh Open title for the first time at Celtic Manor Resort in Newport.
Britain's Menna Fitzpatrick and Neil Simpson both win their second medals of the Beijing Winter Paralympics with super combined bronze.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy feels Manchester City played like they had a point to prove against Manchester United and their second-half performance was an emphatic statement to anyone who doubted them.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
All legal Covid restrictions in England have ended, with Wales and Scotland also removing rules.
The UK is moving to its "living with Covid" phase, but the virus still needs to be watched closely.
Care workers in England won't need to be vaccinated, and some people will get a fourth Covid jab.
Rules around face coverings are easing across the UK but they are still required in some settings.
What can you expect if you have Covid, and when should you get extra help?
Key maps and charts explaining how the virus has spread around the world.
People with Covid in England are no longer legally required to self-isolate, although it is still recommended.
The government is scrapping free Covid tests for most people in England.
From Friday, fully vaccinated people travelling to the UK no longer have to take any Covid tests.
The government has announced the end of all Covid restrictions in England.
Consumers are feeling the impact of higher energy costs as fuel prices and household bills jump.
Seven crew members were rescued after the Peterhead-registered Njord got into difficulty in the North Sea.
A 19-year-old Irish woman is among hundreds of international students taking cover in Sumy.
The family were posing for a photo when a shooting star shot through the background.
Three crew members were airlifted to hospital after the Peterhead-registered Njord got into difficulty.
Lesya and Valeri, both civil defence volunteers, tied the knot at a check-point near Kyiv.
Investors fear global economic shock as West considers ban on buying Russian energy.
Boris Johnson is to meet the Canadian and Dutch PMs, as the UK's refugee policy comes under scrutiny.
Three crew members were airlifted to hospital after the Peterhead-registered Njord got into difficulty.
Thai police say there's no sign of foul play in the cricketer's death while on holiday on Koh Samui.
Match of the Day 2's Danny Murphy and Troy Deeney analyse how the combination play between Phil Foden and Kevin de Bruyne helped Manchester City beat Manchester United 4-1.
Suzie Bates hits 79 not out on her home ground to lead New Zealand to a nine-wicket victory over Bangladesh at the Women's World Cup.
Investors fear global economic shock, with rising petrol and energy bills causing more pain for households.
Boris Johnson is to meet the Canadian and Dutch PMs, as the UK's refugee policy comes under scrutiny.
He was one of three crew members airlifted to hospital after they were found on the keel of the boat.
Thai police say there's no sign of foul play in the cricketer's death while on holiday on Koh Samui.
Russian gymnast Ivan Kuliak is being investigated after wearing a national war symbol on his leotard as he stood next to a Ukrainian rival on the podium in Qatar on Saturday.
At the central train station in Lviv, many thousands arrive after fleeing bombed out cities further east.
The EU says up to four million people may try to escape the war in Ukraine.
A 19-year-old Irish woman living in Sumy is making an attempt to leave the city amid Russian attacks.
Girikumar Patil, who bought two big cats, said he will not leave home without his pets.
Vivianne Miedema becomes the first player to reach 100 Women's Super League goal contributions as leaders Arsenal see off a late Birmingham charge to win 4-2 at Meadow Park.
The Queen returns to in-person meetings with what appears to be a subtle show of support for Ukraine.
Investors fear a global economic shock, with rising fuel bills causing more pain for households.
The actress played Nurse Gladys Emmanuel opposite Ronnie Barker and Sir David Jason in the sitcom.
The pop singer is accused by two songwriters of copying parts of his 2017 hit Shape Of You.
The grime artist was found guilty of assaulting his former partner in London last year.
Boris Johnson calls for more support for Ukraine, amid scrutiny of the UK's refugee policy.
Three crew were flown to hospital after being found on the keel of the boat which sailed from Peterhead.
A man and woman are arrested on suspicion of a dangerous dogs offence after a three-month-old dies.
Even after a mild infection, the overall size of the brain had shrunk, researchers found.
An inquest is being held after Corrie Mckeague vanished after a night out in Suffolk.
At the central train station in Lviv, many thousands arrive after fleeing bombed out cities further east.
Russia says it will offer civilians an evacuation route, but only to territory in Russia and Belarus.
The UN says four million people may try to escape the war in Ukraine.
Prices for everyday items could go up at a time when the cost of living is already rising.
A 19-year-old Irish woman living in Sumy is trying to leave the country amid Russian attacks.
Will the Economic Crime Bill really tackle Putin's money - or is it too little, too late?
The decision to declare Wales prop Tomas Francis fit to face France in the Six Nations in Cardiff on Friday has been described as a "grave mistake".
Iain Henderson is back in Ireland's squad for the Six Nations game against England but Jordan Larmour will miss the rest of the tournament.
Jonny Gray, Adam Hastings and two others join the Scotland squad before Saturday's Six Nations meeting with Italy in Rome.
Former West Indies captain Sir Viv Richards, one of the greatest batters of all time, speaks to BBC Sport on his 70th birthday.
Russian gymnast Ivan Kuliak is being investigated after wearing a national war symbol on his leotard as he stood next to a Ukrainian rival on the podium in Qatar on Saturday.
Thai police say there's no sign of foul play in the cricketer's death while on holiday on Koh Samui.
Silent and weeping, a stream of civilians with backpacks try to outpace the Russian shells.
The Ukrainian president will speak via video link to British politicians on Tuesday.
The Queen returns to in-person meetings with what appears to be a subtle show of support for Ukraine.
Investors fear a global economic shock, with rising fuel bills causing more pain for households.
The actress played Nurse Gladys Emmanuel in the sitcom, and appeared in Come Outside and EastEnders.
Boris Johnson says the UK will be "very generous" - but is facing calls to help more people fleeing.
The grime artist was found guilty of assaulting his former partner in London last year.
The pop singer is accused by two songwriters of copying parts of his 2017 hit Shape Of You.
Food and drink giants have been criticised on social media for failing to speak out on Ukraine's invasion.
Meanwhile, the German chancellor says there is no alternative to Russian supplies at the moment.
Seven people are dead after tornadoes packing winds of up to 138 mph (222kph) tore through Iowa.
Russia is still bombarding cities despite offering escape routes. Here's your guide to day 12 of the war.
In Russia, the 'Z' is fast becoming seen as a staunchly pro-war symbol - what does it mean?
The nuclear power plant was seized on day one of Russia's invasion, and workers have not left since.
"No visa for at least another week," said Misha, simply. "No-one can help us in Calais."
The UN says four million people may try to escape the war in Ukraine.
Rita and her children were trapped in Ukraine when Russia invaded. After spending a week in their basement, they've finally been reunited with Rita's husband and their father Andy.
The show where Zelensky's character becomes the unlikely president of Ukraine is airing in the UK.
A 19-year-old Irish woman living in Sumy is trying to leave the country amid Russian attacks.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner accuses rivals Mercedes of "bullying" behaviour resulting in the removal of race director Michael Masi.
Manchester United's players are becoming increasingly concerned at the managerial void at Old Trafford as their season continues to unravel.
Louis Lynagh withdraws from the England squad before Saturday's Six Nations meeting with Ireland following a positive test for Covid-19.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
A top official says Russia may close its gas lines to Germany if the West halts oil imports.
The Ukrainian president will speak via video link to British politicians on Tuesday.
It is an increase on the 50 previously announced, and thousands more are being processed.
The war in Ukraine will lead to an even tighter squeeze on living standards this spring, a think tank says.
A buyer hasn't been found for the ailing supplier, so the the taxpayer will have to keep funding it.
The world's largest rainforest is fast losing its ability to bounce back from human impacts, researchers say.
The Ukraine war could push millions closer to starvation, the boss of the World Food Programme says.
A survey for the BBC suggests 43% of women have experienced unwelcome touching in public.
The CDC says 92% of reported side effects after the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are mild.
Videos from social media show some Russian citizens, at home and abroad, protesting the war in Ukraine.
The package of financial support for Ukraine includes a $100m pledge from the UK.
Food and drink giants have been criticised on social media for failing to speak out on Ukraine's invasion.
The BBC's Fergal Keane travels on a bus with disabled children fleeing the bombed city of Kharkiv.
False claims have been spreading that the Ukraine war is a hoax and that actors have been involved in staging events.
The growing humanitarian crisis in Ukraine and soaring energy prices lead Tuesday's front pages.
Alex's house was destroyed by shelling, and he and his bandmates are sheltering in their basement studio.
Designer and fashion icon Vera Wang speaks about ageism and her experience of going viral at 72.
The Killing Eve star reveals why she jumped at the chance to join Pixar's latest film Turning Red.
Valerisssh has posted videos online of her standing outside shelled buildings.
A 19-year-old Irish woman living in Sumy is trying to leave the country amid Russian attacks.
Many countries do not record femicide - the most extreme form of gender-based violence - so activists are doing it themselves.
Disgruntled young men who resent feminism are the focus of candidates vying to be president.
Elaine Horne donated a kidney to her 23-year-old son Luke after he almost died from kidney failure.
Indian doctors hope big investment and smart tech will improve a fragmented healthcare sector.
BBC Radio 4's Today listeners share their ideas for ways to help Ukrainians in their time of need.
Scotland and Ukraine's World Cup play-off semi-final, scheduled for 24 March, is postponed.
With Angel City FC kicking off their debut NWSL campaign this month, Eni Aluko tells BBC Sport about moving to LA and meeting the club's all-star backers.
World number three Alexander Zverev faces an eight-week ban from tennis if he repeats the behaviour which led to his expulsion from the Mexican Open.
Joe Root admits he thought "long and hard" about his future as England captain but believes he is the right man to "take the team forward".
Football Focus visits Women's Super League champions Chelsea to discover how their players, and their coach Emma Hayes, have changed women's football over the past few years.
A top official says Russia may close its gas lines to Germany if the West halts oil imports.
The UK has granted visas to 300 refugees fleeing the war in Ukraine so far, the Home Office says.
Five things you need to know about the coronavirus pandemic this Tuesday morning.
What do experts make of the diet Shane Warne was on?
Will Tyson Fury hang up his gloves after facing Dillian Whyte? Plus Anthony Joshua announces new trainer and Amir Khan reportedly wants a rematch with Kell Brook. It's Fight Talk.
Alyssa Healy helps Australia secure a comfortable seven-wicket win against Pakistan at the Women's World Cup.
The US bans Russian oil, targeting the Russian economy's "main artery" over its invasion of Ukraine.
Ukrainians are determined to defend their capital city as Russian troops prepare for an assault.
Ros Atkins looks at the UK's response to refugees fleeing Ukraine, and its family visa scheme.
Western companies are turning their backs on Russia amid sanctions and violence in Ukraine.
Plans to ban or curb Russian oil and gas imports will further hit UK living standards, analysts say.
Ukrainian president calls for Russia to be recognised as a "terrorist state" in a speech to the Commons.
Flights linked to Russia are also criminalised in measures targeting figures close to the Kremlin.
Pasha Lee, 33, had signed up to defend his country at the start of the war.
The number of children missing at least half of school is also greater than previously thought.
Detectable changes involving gut microbes "could provide" a warning sign that a tumour is present.
Social media sites may soon be legally required to stop scam adverts under new online safety laws.
A US judge has signed off court papers concluding the court case brought by Virginia Giuffre.
James Brittain-McVey tells MPs he wishes he had talked to friends about worries over how he looked.
Ukrainian cities are now occupied by Russian troops, and residents are not making them feel welcome.
Russia says it may cut off gas supplies if countries decided to ban Russian oil.
After four days on the run, three-year-old Polina and her mother have made it out of Ukraine.
Russian has struggled to gain air supremacy as Ukrainian forces make use of missiles supplied by the West.
Families of Russian soldiers in Ukraine tell the BBC the men had no idea what they were getting into.
The presenter reflects on the indomitable locals he met in Kyiv - convinced they would defeat the Russians.
The Ukrainian president's address to the Commons and a ban on Russian oil imports dominate the papers.
President Zelensky makes an historic address in the House of Commons about the invasion by Russia.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, a comedian who had no experience of politics when elected, has emerged as a convincing war leader.
Henri Seydoux, founder and CEO of French drone specialists Parrot, shares his business advice.
The child was filmed singing the track from the Disney film while sheltering in a Ukraine basement.
A 19-year-old Irish woman living in Sumy is observing a travel curfew as she tries to leave Ukraine.
More than 535 doctors from Ukraine joined a call to be taught how to treat injured people.
The Ukrainian president reveals his location in Kyiv in a new video shared on social media.
There's frustration and fury among MPs at the Home Office's response to those fleeing the war.
Private military contractors see surging demand in Ukraine - but could the work turn mercenary?
The global internet is under threat as the conflict in Ukraine continues.
How is the government helping Ukrainian refugees in the UK and in countries neighbouring Ukraine?
With large numbers of nurses emigrating, patient care is suffering as there are not enough staff.
Stories about Covid rule breaking in No 10 have gone away but police activities are continuing.
England engineer their own downfall in a damaging seven-run defeat by West Indies at the Women's World Cup in Dunedin.
Liverpool's seven-match winning run in the Champions League is ended by Inter Milan, but Jurgen Klopp's side progress to the quarter-finals with a 2-1 aggregate win.
Jonny Bairstow's hundred rescues England after another batting collapse on day one of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua.
Robert Lewandowski scores the earliest ever Champions League hat-trick as Bayern Munich thrash Red Bull Salzburg 6-2 on aggregate to reach the quarter-finals.
Andy Murray pledges to donate his earnings from prize money for the rest of the year to help children affected by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Wales' World Cup play-off semi-final against Austria later this month will be played as scheduled.
West Indies' Deandra Dottin takes a sensational catch to dismiss England's Lauren Winfield-Hill at the Women's World Cup.
False claims about chemical weapon development are a Russian ploy to justify more attacks, says Jen Psaki.
Vadym Prystaiko says most people fleeing Russia's invasion are women with children and not a threat.
The move could ease a supply crunch as the West and allies shun Russian oil.
The foreign secretary will use a speech in Washington to argue for stronger action against Russia.
Private militias are "scouring" social media to recruit former soldiers, veterans say.
The country is expected to see a deep recession this year due to the impact of the Russian invasion.
In BBC interview Ukraine central bank boss proposes long list of extra financial sanctions on Russia
The chancellor must decide whether to borrow more or allow household budgets to be squeezed further, the IFS says.
Three people died when the train hit a landslide in heavy rain in Aberdeenshire in 2020.
A brave father threw his son, 3, from the window of a burning building down to first responders.
The snakes and horned lizards were "concealed in the man's jacket, pants pockets and groin area".
Novak Djokovic withdraws from Indian Wells and the Miami Open - the first two Masters Series events of the year - because of US coronavirus rules.
Karim Benzema scores a superb second-half hat-trick as Real Madrid produce a stirring fightback at a raucous Bernabeu to reach the Champions League quarter-finals at the expense of Paris St-Germain.
Amid a protest crackdown, young people are still risking freedom to oppose the conflict in Ukraine.
A veteran of the Soviet-Afghan war is among many older Ukrainians now seeking refuge abroad.
Ros Atkins looks at why global food price rises appear inevitable as a consequence of Russia invading Ukraine.
The department is trying to convince an increasingly sceptical nation it has control of the situation.
A hospital is attacked as civilians try to escape. Here is your guide to the 14th day of fighting.
A picture of a pregnant woman being carried from the wreckage in Mariupol dominates the papers.
Dolly Parton has written her first novel with the help of best-selling author James Patterson.
The 12-year-old wrote to Disney three years ago asking them to create a lead female character with glasses.
Video captured by underwater robots of the shipwreck shows Endurance to be in remarkable condition.
The boss of Halifax's Acapulco club says its "crazy" floor covering holds years of memories.
Guy Reffitt was convicted of taking part in the 6 January riots, in part due to testimony from his own son.
The PM claimed the UK had done more to resettle vulnerable people than any other European country.
Prime Minister Naftali Bennett is an unlikely mediator between Kyiv and Moscow, Tom Bateman says.
Musician Shona chose to have her leg amputated after years of pain - now she's a Paralympian.
Low water levels mean riverside communities lose much of their income and their mode of transport.
Azeem Ahmad, who donated one of his kidneys to a stranger, says, years on, he still has no regrets.
Baldwin was played by Toby Jones in the Bafta-winning BBC film Marvellous, which is now on stage.
A mixed showing from England's bowlers allows West Indies to edge an attritional second day of the first Test in Antigua.
An emotional Tiger Woods chokes back the tears as he is inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame on Wednesday after a moving speech by his 14-year-old daughter Sam.
Is it too dark? Should I wear something different? BBC Sport looks at the reality of being a woman out running and what is done to make it safer.
Ex-Haas driver Nikita Mazepin and his father Dmitry are added to a list of Russians sanctioned over the invasion of Ukraine.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he has learned to "enjoy the moment" as his side cruise into the quarter-finals of the Champions League with a 0-0 draw against Sporting Lisbon.
MOTDx meets Liverpool midfielder Harvey Elliott to discuss his family's role in his recovery from serious injury and their pride in his place in Champions League history
Quentin Sommerville and cameraman Darren Conway are with Ukrainian forces fighting to stop the Russian advance on the country's second city.
The convoy has now largely dispersed, with artillery set up in firing positions, a US company says.
Details of a sponsorship visa scheme to host Ukrainians will be revealed on Monday, Boris Johnson says.
Reputational risk and practical difficulties are making it harder to do business in the country.
Posts from the Russian embassy in the UK claiming the bombing of a maternity hospital was faked have been taken down.
Meta, the owner of Facebook and Instagram, will temporarily make allowances for some violent speech.
A Chicago judge told Jussie Smollett that he has "turned his life upside down" with the hoax.
The US says the two recent tests were a 'serious escalation' and vows to further sanction N Korea.
Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich one of seven oligarchs sanctioned by the UK government.
Chelsea beat bottom club Norwich as Mason Mount scores one and makes another on the day his club's long-term future is thrown into uncertainty.
Official records say six million have died, but the true figure may be over 18 million, say researchers.
The probe will look at areas including preparedness and the public health response to the pandemic.
A report says school closures damaged learning in England, with big regional differences.
The BBC spent a week with Ukrainian forces in Kharkiv as they fight to stop a further Russian advance.
Photos and satellite images show the devastation caused to the southern Ukrainian city, which is encircled by Russian troops.
Tens of thousands of children in Ukrainian state care are in desperate need to get out of the country.
If Russia has carried out war crimes in Ukraine, how could Putin or senior officers be brought to justice?
Luke Morgan has spent the last fortnight helping his wife's family get to the UK from Ukraine.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
On the frontline in the battle for Kharkiv - and Ukrainians rescue their grandmothers from Russian shelling.
Drone footage appears to show Russian tanks under attack on the outskirts of Kyiv.
An unexploded 500kg (1102lb) bomb was discovered in Chernihiv in northern Ukraine.
What do sanctions imposed on Roman Abramovich mean for Chelsea and the club's supporters? BBC Sport answers some of the key questions.
What is a thermobaric or vacuum bomb, and why is Russia using them in the war in Ukraine?
Claims the Chelsea owner has "blood on his hands" and a plea to host refugees feature in the papers.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on during the past seven days?
The BBC spoke to four black women about their experiences with pregnancy loss in the US healthcare system.
Nearly 20,000 international volunteers have signed up to fight alongside Ukrainian forces, officials say.
The BBC follows some of the thousands of students who've been evacuated from the war.
Will decided to help after finding out from his mum a war was taking place.
The piece was by David Costa, an artist who worked with Elton John, The Beatles and Queen.
A bag of weapons found before she died has been linked to killer Michael Sellers.
An energy strategy is due - but can it get the UK off Russian gas, cut bills and help the environment?
The real reasons companies are making an extra effort to find out if their staff are happy or not.
The thousands of manuscripts contain centuries of African writing on maths, medicine and more.
Russia has threatened to cut off gas supplies if countries ban its oil.
Thomas Tuchel says Chelsea face an uncertain future but vows the team will keep competing on the pitch.
An uninspiring England toil as Nkrumah Bonner's determined century puts West Indies on top after day three of the first Test in Antigua.
Rangers take a significant step towards the Europa League quarter-finals with a pulsating statement win over Red Star Belgrade at a raucous Ibrox.
Mercedes are at the centre of a row over the legality of their car after introducing a radical new design at the second pre-season test.
Chelsea manager Thomas Tuchel is hopeful a solution will be found to keep the club going after sanctions were imposed on owner Roman Abramovich.
Chelsea bounce back from their Continental Cup final defeat and thrash West Ham to go within five points of league leaders Arsenal with two games in hand.
As Russian forces continue their slow advance, Kyiv's residents fear the worst for their city.
In the southern city of Mykolaiv, Ukrainian forces are battling to stop the Russian advance.
Funerals are held for the first Ukrainian victims of the Ukraine-Russia war.
Chelsea's credit card facilities are temporarily suspended while banks assess the implications of the sanctions imposed on Russian billionaire owner Roman Abramovich.
War in Ukraine has focused minds on how to get enough affordable energy for homes and businesses.
There is growing concern that tougher regulations for funeral plan providers could hit many customers.
It comes after the BBC is shown a letter which also claims "gay affection" is cut from Pixar content.
Parents seeking gender transition for their children may not be investigated for so-called abuse.
France keep alive their dreams of a first Grand Slam and Six Nations title since 2010 with a tense 13-9 victory over Wales.
Zak Crawley hits his second Test hundred as England dominate West Indies on day four of the first Test to set up an outside chance of victory.
The Queen will not attend next week's service at Westminster Abbey, Buckingham Palace says.
Politicians who voted to recognise two areas of Ukraine as independent have their UK assets frozen.
A form of Omicron called BA.2 is now the most common variant in most of the UK, figures suggest.
The picturesque western city of Lviv is racing to protect is cultural and religious artefacts.
Social media channels and private messaging groups are being used to recruit, the BBC has learned.
The BBC finds no evidence for Russian claims that Ukraine is developing biological weapons with US support.
A Norwegian computer expert has made a system for volunteers to email millions of Russian people about the war
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Mariana Vishegirskaya, a beauty blogger, has reportedly given birth to a baby girl.
Vladimir Putin paves the way for foreign fighters to join the war, while Russia widens its attacks.
Extraction unit evacuating orphanages in the war zone say traffickers targeted children at the Ukraine border.
BBC correspondents Lyse Doucet and Jenny Hill answer readers' questions on Ukraine
The BBC spent a week with Ukrainian forces in Kharkiv as they fight to stop a further Russian advance.
Reputational risk and practical difficulties means the exodus of firms is growing but some remain.
What do sanctions imposed on Roman Abramovich mean for Chelsea and the club's supporters? BBC Sport answers some of the key questions.
The coming battle for Ukraine's capital and the ongoing fallout dominates the headlines.
Georgie received an anonymous tip-off on Facebook that intimate photos of her were being shared online.
What do you do when your collection of millions of books keeps growing but your bookshelves don't?
Alex, Alistair and Theo are among a community of "urban explorers" who document the history of decaying structures.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
A charity competition is encouraging school kids to get entrepreneurial and make their own products.
This is the first time the free-from category produced an overall winning pie.
Experts believe a drone that crashed in Zagreb was a Soviet-era type used by the Ukrainian military.
The movie review show presented by critic Mark Kermode and presenter Simon Mayo will end in April.
A jury has sentenced the US actor for lying about being the victim of a racist, homophobic attack.
Authorities in Honduras destroy cocaine seized in various operations in the country since 2020.
Lena Kamolikova came from London to collect her Ukrainian mother Raisa, but they face a lengthy process to apply for a UK visa.
Four black women explain their devastating experiences with pregnancy loss in US healthcare system.
The Scot made his acting debut in Ken Loach's gritty drama Sweet Sixteen, released 20 years ago.
How so-called scalpers use online bots to snap up consoles and resell them for profit.
Bryn Perry, from Pembrokeshire, recycles leftover whey from his cheese-making to produce the spirit.
Australians are reeling from one of their worst natural disasters, but many despair at a sense of déjà vu.
The authorities are struggling to keep a lid on pro- and anti-Russian views being discussed online.
Tetyana Nesterchuk is safe in London while her sister Mariia has chosen to stay in war-torn Ukraine.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
For abuse survivors, Friday's apology has been hard fought - but the years of pain are as vivid as ever.
MPs are not short of ideas for the chancellor to help struggling families, but all come at a price.
Emma Raducanu gets past Caroline Garcia, while fellow Brit Harriet Dart overcomes Elina Svitolina to reach the third round at Indian Wells.
Andy Murray fights back from a set down to beat Taro Daniel 1-6 6-2 6-4 in the first round at Indian Wells as he secures a 700th win on the ATP Tour.
Britain's Menna Fitzpatrick narrowly misses another Winter Paralympic medal with fourth in the visually-impaired slalom.
England have promised physicality, but will also need unseen accuracy and ambition to derail a resurgent Ireland in Twickenham showdown.
Watch highlights as France keep alive their dreams of a first Grand Slam and Six Nations title since 2010 with a tense 13-9 win over Wales.
West Indies' Hayley Matthews takes a "sensational" catch at first slip to remove India's Deepti Sharma during their Women's World Cup match in Hamilton.
Martin Johnson praises Dan Biggar's "very impressive" performance in Wales' narrow 13-9 defeat to France at the Principality Stadium.
New attempts are under way to get civilians out of bombed Ukrainian cities as Russia's attack intensifies.
Households are encouraged to join the "national effort", but critics say the plan falls short.
Daniel Litvak helped Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich obtain Portuguese citizenship.
Protesters demand change a year since clashes with police at an unauthorised vigil for Sarah Everard,
The first ministers want Ukrainians to be housed quickly and given help with safeguarding and services.
Micheál Martin and Boris Johnson met prior to attending the Ireland-England rugby match on Saturday.
England have to settle for a draw in the first Test against West Indies despite a spirited performance on the final day in Antigua.
The president accuses the Russians of "moving to a new stage of terror" as Melitopol residents protest.
Blind staff at failed 168-year-old business say they are owed pay, redundancy and furlough money.
The range of charges on which the men were convicted included terrorism and holding "deviant beliefs".
Neil Gillingham, from Kilmarnock, went missing on a walk with his dog last Sunday on Stob Coire Sgreamhach.
The singer shovels gravel on the road and claims his Ferrari cannot get through the potholes.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores a hat-trick as Manchester United beat Tottenham to move into the Champions League places.
Young volunteers swap their studies for assault rifles as they prepare to defend Kyiv from Russian forces.
Many Russians who can afford it have fled to nearby countries since Russia invaded Ukraine.
Prices are rising in Russia and some goods are harder to buy. Here are ways sanctions are affecting daily life.
Russian troops have expanded their offensive as they continue attempts to cut off the capital Kyiv.
Yevgeny says it is his responsibility as a Russian to help Ukrainians.
The new scheme that will allow people in the UK to host Ukrainian refugees dominates the front pages.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
When 200 French sex workers took refuge in a church, it started a movement
Images from Russia's invasion of Ukraine show a conflict turning deadlier nearly three weeks on.
Omar Mehtab spoke to a 'scalper;' a person who stockpiles popular products and resells them for profit.
The ban on Russian oil exports is causing prices to surge, and leaders are revisiting some awkward friendships.
From an airstrike bunker to his mum's relieved hugs, Vishnu tells how he and his dog fled Ukraine to India.
After a series of medical breakthroughs, will these animals solve the global shortage of organs?
Australian star Rebel Wilson will host the full-capacity ceremony at London's Royal Albert Hall.
The video-sharing platform's new SoundOn service will let people distribute their own music.
The humble vegetable could be about to join the likes of Cheddar Cheese and Cornish Pasties.
Isak Munda says the platform has changed his life since he started posting videos.
Cristiano Ronaldo says there "are no limits" for Manchester United after his hat-trick helps them beat Tottenham Hotspur.
Leigh Wood produces a brutal last-round knockout of Michael Conlan to retain his WBA featherweight title amid worrying scenes.
England's draw against West Indies in the first Test is a "huge step forward" after a "difficult year", says captain Joe Root.
England shred the script that came with Charlie Ewels' early red card with a performance of ferocious defence and unstinting belief.
Mohamed Salah scores as Liverpool beat Brighton at the end of a week in which speculation around his future at the club continued.
Match of the Day pundits Alan Shearer and Jermaine Jenas highlight the contribution of Cristiano Ronaldo after his hat-trick helped Manchester United beat Tottenham Hotspur 3-2 at Old Trafford.
Watch highlights as Ireland keep their hopes of a Six Nations title alive with a 32-15 victory over 14-man England at Twickenham.
US officials say Russia asked China for military support and help in evading sanctions.
The children and their immediate family members arrived on an urgent flight after a plea from Polish officials.
Benedict Cumberbatch wears a Ukraine badge to the ceremony and says he hopes to take in a refugee.
His roles ranged from acclaimed 1980s dramas to playing General Thaddeus Ross in five Marvel films.
Tom Brady, one of the greatest players in the history of the NFL, is coming back for his 23rd season just a month after announcing his retirement.
It is hoped tens of thousands of displaced people will benefit from the plan, the government says.
It is the first reported death of a foreign journalist covering the war in Ukraine.
Human rights activist is threatened with jail for "collusion with foreign forces" over Hong Kong campaign.
Minister says process to become peer is "rigorous" after questions about businessman's appointment.
Iraqi officials reject Iran's claim that it hit an Israeli facility near the US consulate in Irbil.
Chelsea snatch a dramatic late winner to beat Newcastle in the first game at Stamford Bridge since Blues' Russian owner Roman Abramovich was sanctioned by the UK government.
Train operators are talking to unions about how to address job changes in a bid to modernise the railways
A council urges people not to attempt road repairs themselves after the singer was filmed doing it.
Zhytomyr, in north-west Ukraine, is facing intense daily attacks. Why is it being bombed so heavily?
Ukraine's president gives medals to injured troops and the hospital workers caring for them.
Ways to slow the spread of bad information and false posts from the war.
From toys to flowers, refugees fleeing the war in Ukraine are warmly greeted by strangers in Europe.
The eastern town of Zamosc has welcomed thousands of refugees but locals wonder how long they can cope.
A military base near the Polish border is attacked, and the UK announces a scheme to house refugees.
John Rutherford has already hosted two refugees, and is open to offering a room to a Ukrainian.
Young volunteers swap their studies for assault rifles as they prepare to defend Kyiv from Russian forces.
Russia's missile strike on a military base in the west of Ukraine carried a warning, Monday's papers suggest.
Rebel Wilson made an assured hosting debut while West Side Story stars showed solidarity with Ukraine.
Syrian refugees in Lebanon have elected women as leaders of some camps, breaking traditional social norms.
Mea last spoke to Brent four days ago, and says he was excited to work on a documentary in Ukraine.
It is the second time Whitehouse Farm in Northumberland has had a lamb with an extra limb.
A BBC poll suggests 50% of UK women under 45 have experienced a form of reproductive coercion.
Stilton and pork pie makers have survived for centuries - but what does the future hold?
Doctors call for targeted lung cancer screening to catch cases early and reduce deaths by 20%.
The sport of surfing is modernising, using technology to offer bigger, better and safer thrills.
Hawraa was part of a project which encouraged Lebanese citizens with conflicting views to listen to each other.
People diagnosed with the skin condition rosacea talk about its impact on their mental health.
Hijabi riders is introducing cycling to Muslim women who never learned to ride a bike as a child.
Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel says he and his players should fight for everyone at the club after insisting he'll stay at least "until the end of the season".
Ukraine international Andriy Yarmolenko scores the opener against Aston Villa in his first West Ham appearance since the outbreak of war in his native country.
Who got Garth into trouble at the petrol station? Which striker might be a good buy for Arsenal? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
Ex-England scrum-half Matt Dawson explains why England's loss to Ireland is gold dust and how they might beat France on Saturday.
Watch Nat Sciver's bizarre dismissal as the England all-rounder manages to hit it to slip off the back of her bat leaving England 42-3.
Match of the Day 2 pundit and ex-England striker Ian Wright highlights the contribution that Patrick Bamford made for Leeds United in Sunday's 2-1 win over Norwich City.
The staffer held a sign reading 'no war' behind a newsreader on Russian state-controlled TV.
Those wanting to host an individual or family from Ukraine can now register their interest online.
Boris Johnson says the West allowed President Putin to "get away" with annexing the peninsula in 2014.
BBC Panorama uncovers new evidence on the corrupt deals that helped Chelsea's owner make his fortune.
There were 4.3 million NHS referrals for conditions such as anxiety and depression in 2021 across England.
The Old Hem pub in Kharkiv was a well-known hangout for young poets and musicians.
Nicola Sturgeon will announce whether the last measures will end as planned on Monday amid a new surge.
Benjamin Hall, 39, was reportedly news gathering outside Kyiv at the time of Monday's incident.
The Russian president signs new law allowing foreign-leased jets to keep flying in Russia.
Protesters wanted the property, believed to be owned by Oleg Deripaska, to house Ukrainian refugees.
Toyota, Volkswagen and Apple supplier Foxconn are among firms halting their operations.
Non-religious ceremonies in England and Wales were first allowed outside during the pandemic.
What to watch out for as racing's four-day Cheltenham Festival starts on Tuesday with spectators back for the first time in two years.
Unable to flee, Anna gave birth at home in Ukraine without medical assistance, electricity or running water.
Rivers and marshes help to protect the capital city, but it is still vulnerable to Russian missiles.
The government has announced details of the "Homes For Ukraine" scheme
Drone footage shows destruction of Mariupol, and protesters target an oligarch's London mansion.
Street cleaners are collecting bodies as besieged locals resort to burying civilians in trenches.
At least one person was killed when the residential building in the Ukrainian capital was hit.
Thousands of civilians have been trapped in the Ukrainian port city for nearly two weeks
Most papers lead on a scheme for the public to host refugees, as protesters occupy an oligarch's mansion.
One year ago, rape and misconduct allegations in Canberra sparked massive protests nationwide.
Pearce Jarrett is the founder of an award-winning app but didn't originally think it was a career for him.
Pranav Chopra founded a social enterprise scheme that empowers refugees into work.
The country has seen some of the worst violence of the conflict in the past 12 months.
12-year-old Lowri was invited to the Baftas after asking Disney to portray more characters in glasses.
Seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton says he will change his name to incorporate his mother's surname.
Pet collars and frozen Yorkshire puddings are other goods now used to measure changes in the cost of living.
The Northern Lights display comes as the chances of seeing the space weather are increased.
Volnovakha, a town in Donetsk region, eastern Ukraine, has been decimated by fighting.
The safety exercises on Crossrail are entering their final stages, meaning it could open in months.
How tech is helping young families and couples regain their busy social lives after Covid.
The influx of refugees and Russian security threats leaves Poland feeling vulnerable.
Only Boys Aloud's founder says people lose the "freedom to let rip and sing" over Zoom.
A misleading photo has been used by some to suggest the continent should support Russia in Ukraine.
The two have close economic and military ties - but could China come to Russia's aid?
With the risk of clubs becoming involved in geopolitics now exposed, football authorities and the government face questions over ownership in English football this week.
Doctors call for targeted lung cancer screening to catch cases early and reduce deaths by 20%.
The UN says four million people may try to escape the war in Ukraine.
Cameron Smith claims the biggest win of his career as a Players Championship that featured storm delays and near freezing temperatures concludes in warm sunshine at TPC Sawgrass in Florida.
Manchester City midfielder Bernardo Silva says his side are "still in a better position" than title rivals Liverpool.
Rafael Nadal extends his unbeaten run in 2022 to 17 matches by beating Britain's Dan Evans at Indian Wells.
Giorgos Giakoumakis scores twice after Callum McGregor's opener as Celtic beat Dundee United to book their place in the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup.
Manchester City miss their chance to go six points clear at the top of the Premier League as they are held by Crystal Palace.
Ellyse Perry and Ashleigh Gardner take three wickets each in a clinical bowling performance by Australia as they beat West Indies by seven wickets.
After a perilous train journey from Poland to Kyiv, European leaders tell Ukraine 'you're not alone'.
Boris Johnson aims to build an "international coalition" against President Putin, and secure energy supplies.
Two Ukrainian women have kept a video diary recording their new lives while under attack from Russia.
As many firms look to withdraw from Russia, some are unable to due to complex deals arranged in the country.
A safeguarding report concludes the drugs search was unjustified and racism was a "likely" factor.
PM Jacinda Ardern says they are 'ready to welcome the world back', beginning with Australians.
The country's very youngest are casualties of a hunger crisis.
The British-Iranian woman has been detained in Iran on spying charges for nearly six years.
The church's investment funds want TotalEnergies to leave Russia, like rivals BP and Shell.
It comes as the hermit country has in recent weeks stepped up its weapons testing.
The UK's largest airport joins British Airways and Virgin Atlantic in easing mask-wearing rules.
Racism is "pervasive" in chemical sciences, according to an investigation by the Royal Society of Chemistry.
Failures in England pre-date the pandemic, as waiting times rise, a cross-party group says.
Recording drinking in patients' notes will help spot patterns that can harm babies, advice for the NHS says.
What might Putin want, to be able to come out of the war looking good in the eyes of Russia's majority?
Ukraine's rail chief says his staff risk their lives to get others to safety amid Russia attacks.
Three PMs visit Kyiv, while staff at a hospital in Mariupol say they are being held like hostages.
Russia's nuclear weapons are 'combat ready', raising fears they could be used on the battlefield.
Hundreds of young men across the continent say they want to take up arms in Ukraine.
With no medical help, some are falling ill while sheltering from attacks in besieged Mariupol.
Mandi Arnold, 35, says welcoming more people into her busy home will mean "more love, more memories".
Marina Ovsyannikova's moment of protest on TV was extraordinary - but she now faces prosecution.
A woman recounts the moment her husband and son were killed by a Russian shell in the town of Irpin.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Ukraine's admission that it will never join Nato leads the papers as Russian bombardment intensifies.
Volunteers are racing medical supplies from the UK to the Ukrainian front line.
The star thanks fans who held onto tickets for two years as his Heavy Is The Head tour launches.
Marianne filmed her experiences of using the Home Office's Ukraine Family Scheme in Poland.
The Russian state TV employee who staged an anti-war protest during a live bulletin speaks to reporters outside court.
The Metropolitan Opera holds a concert for Ukraine, opening with the war-torn country's national anthem.
Seven-year-old Amelia was filmed singing a song from Disney's Frozen whilst sheltering in a basement in Ukraine
Douglas Smith grew more than 1,000 tomatoes on a single stem, breaking his own record.
Leah Washington and Joe Pugh overcame severe injuries and continued dating after their recoveries.
The local authority announces a plan of action after Sir Rod posts videos of himself with a shovel.
A large area was hit by the dust, which swept across the Mediterranean Sea.
A Labour member of the House of Lords has been told off for falling asleep in the debating chamber.
A small area of Scotland is the home of a groundbreaking experiment to power homes with green hydrogen.
Brittney Griner, widely considered the best female player of all time, has been detained in Russia.
Nations like the US and UK need to keep in with Saudi Arabia, as they turn away from Russian oil.
A group of women work 24/7 to help find loved ones separated by the war in Ukraine.
Scotland and Wales will follow England and Northern Ireland and lift most remaining Covid rules.
Children of the 1989 generation won't enjoy the same freedoms as their parents, writes Nick Robinson in Berlin.
After a man was murdered for his Gucci bag, there are concerns over illegal knife sales.
The country may be about to default on its debts as Western sanctions over Ukraine bite.
Only Boys Aloud's founder says people lose the "freedom to let rip and sing" over Zoom.
Formula 1's safety car rules have been changed to make it impossible for a race to be conducted in the manner of 2021's controversial title decider.
Chelsea withdraw their request to play Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final at Middlesbrough behind closed doors.
Rejuvenated England breathe life into their World Cup defence with a four-wicket hammering of India in Mount Maunganui.
British qualifier Harriet Dart loses in straight sets against American Madison Keys in the fourth round at Indian Wells in California.
Darwin Nunez scores the winner as Benfica beat Ajax to reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
British-Iranian nationals Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and Anoosheh Ashoori touched down at RAF Brize Norton just after 01:00 GMT.
Two weeks since the last official death toll, funerals of Russian soldiers killed in Ukraine continue.
The news raises questions over why senior Russian officers are getting so close to the fighting.
The building in the besieged city of Mariupol was sheltering up to 1,200 people, the deputy mayor says.
Ryan Herbert has made "significant changes to his life" while in jail, the Parole Board is told.
Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba says his home was burgled during his side's Champions League game against Atletico Madrid on Tuesday.
Frank Fishwick, 86, died after he confronted a group of youths outside his flat in Preston.
Last week the US actor was sentenced to prison for lying about being the victim of a hate crime.
More than 1,300 people a year are having their palliative care funding withdrawn, BBC analysis shows.
Sprays and injections containing "melanotan-2" may lead to cancer, doctors tell a BBC News investigation.
The "Inclusive Britain" plan was developed in response to the Black Lives Matter protests in 2020.
Liverpool close the gap on Premier League leaders Manchester City to a single point after beating Arsenal, who miss the chance to consolidate their place in the top four.
Researchers say they have solved one of science's biggest paradoxes, first identified by Prof Stephen Hawking.
Ros Atkins takes a look at the reasons why two British-Iranian nationals are freed after years in prison.
London-Tehran relations are better, and Iran no longer feels it needs Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe as leverage.
Anoosheh Ashoori's wife and daughter spoke to the BBC as he flew home from an Iranian prison.
Does the UK own money to Iran for a military deal that was never fulfilled?
Richard Ratcliffe said he was "deeply grateful" for his wife's release from Iran after nearly six years.
MP Tulip Siddiq pays tribute to Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe's husband Richard, as she returns from Iran.
Why a British-Iranian mother came to be jailed in Tehran, and the details of the case against her.
The release of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe leads the papers - along with the continued shelling of the city of Mariupol.
Schools across the US are dropping mask mandates - but students are divided over the issue.
The winners of the Open category of the 2022 Sony World Photography Awards have been announced.
The conflict in Ukraine is a long way from the UK but it means fish and chip shops are seeing prices soar.
The restoration project of Big Ben is almost over and scaffolding around the clock has been removed.
At least 21 infants born through surrogacy are left in limbo because of the war in Ukraine.
Cameras shake as a powerful tremor in north-east Japan strikes, cutting power to millions of people.
Despite the threat of higher airline ticket prices, the industry is still upbeat as bookings are rising.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Women and men are increasingly turning to prostitution to pay the bills, despite official denials.
The classic TV drama is adapted for the radio and brought up to date with a new episode set in 2020.
Hidilyn Diaz was accused of plotting against the Philippine government. Then she won her country's first Olympic gold.
Actor Ashley Walters says police brutality in the UK is reflected in the fourth series of the Netflix show.
US sanctions, failing banks, and the drying up of foreign aid have left Afghanistan's economy in tatters.
Brittney Griner, widely considered the best female player of all time, has been detained in Russia.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp's triple fist pump after Wednesday's 2-0 win at Arsenal could just as easily have been the sound of a gauntlet being thrown down in front of Manchester City.
Joe Root punishes West Indies with yet another century as England take command on day one of the second Test in Barbados.
Harry Kane scores as Tottenham reignite their top-four hopes by condemning Brighton to a sixth successive Premier League defeat.
World champion Max Verstappen says F1 "does not need to heal" after last year's controversial title decider.
Chelsea maintain their hopes of retaining the Champions League as they beat Lille to reach the quarter-finals.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is pleased with how his side enjoyed fighting for victory in the second half of their 2-0 win at Arsenal.
2021 Formula 1 world champion Max Verstappen talks to BBC Sport before the 2022 season, which starts with the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend.
The off-the-cuff remark prompts Russia to call the comment "unforgiveable rhetoric".
More than a fortnight after falling under Russian occupation, the residents of Kherson are wrestling with acute shortages while protesting against the Kremlin's forces.
The country may be about to default on its debts as Western sanctions over Ukraine bite.
Shelling continues across Ukraine but Russian advances have slowed amid logistical issues and strong resistance.
Hundreds of young men across Africa say they want to take up arms in Ukraine.
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville and Darren Conway are in Kharkiv, where Ukraine's army has repelled Russia for three weeks.
Russia's president revealed his peace conditions in a phone call - the BBC spoke to someone who listened in.
Staff, MPs and unions express outrage and travellers are told to expect disruption.
Passenger locator forms and tests for unvaccinated arrivals are no longer required.
As Russian warships circle off the coast, Odesans face a difficult decision on whether to leave.
Ukrainian Andriy Yarmolenko scores the winning goal for West Ham as they beat Sevilla to reach the Europa League quarter-finals on an emotional night.
A 13-year-old was driving a truck that collided with a van carrying student athletes, officials say.
The Ragnar is owned by Vladimir Strzhalkovsky, who has been linked to Vladimir Putin.
Restaurant Brands International says it demanded that its local operator close its Russian restaurants.
The brothers, eight and six, are being treated for malnourishment but are due to make a full recovery.
Rescuers saved a few pilot whales but 31 died in another mass stranding at the South Island bay.
A big study of teenagers attitudes finds significant differences between boys and girls.
A sense of humour and dealing with all kinds of weather are among the qualities needed for a new ferry operator.
Experts believe that while additional US aid can help Ukraine fight back, more is still needed.
Rescue workers search for survivors of the Mariupol theatre bombing as Russia's advance grinds on.
Shelling continues across Ukraine but Russian advances have slowed amid logistical issues and strong resistance.
From chefs to suppliers, the country's food industry is pulling together to feed the population at war.
Marina Ovsyannikova, who interrupted a broadcast to protest against the war in Ukraine, speaks to the BBC.
A woman who left Mariupol's theatre a day before the bombing says Russia had been targeting the area.
Weeks after President Putin ordered an invasion, the goals he set appear to have been watered down.
Russia may default on its debts as Western sanctions over Ukraine bite.
A move by ferry operator P&O to dismiss 800 staff, and Russia's stalling advance in Ukraine, lead the papers.
People living in the town of Aberfeldy in Scotland are opening their homes to Ukrainian refugees.
The decision to immediately sack 800 staff at P&O Ferries sparks angry protests on ship and shore.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on during the past seven days?
It is sold at auction in Belfast for more than double that of a gun he used during a jail break.
We asked our journalists around the world to give us a snapshot of life two years into the pandemic.
Sunny Balwani was considered the "enforcer" at Theranos and was its enigmatic founder's lover.
Some Chinese cities are under a lockdown and the country could pay the price, analysts say.
People living in the area, which has Unesco World Heritage status, are being asked to adapt.
The cities turning to huge heat pumps to provide warmth to thousands of homes and businesses.
Experts say it will take time for Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe to readjust to normal life.
The developers of a powerful mini aircraft hope it will be used by the armed forces.
Japanese road movie with four Oscar nods puts arthouse director Ryusuke Hamaguchi in the spotlight.
The cartoon character has "curated" an album of lo-fi hip-hop that's perfect for younger listeners.
The Bank of England has now increased interest rates to 0.75%, the third rise in four months.
Everton boss Frank Lampard was pleased with a "night of togetherness", despite suffering a broken hand when celebrating the winner.
After a difficult period, England all-rounder Ben Stokes rediscovers his best form and his superhero status with a sublime century against West Indies.
Tomas Soucek believes West Ham can write history at the club after reaching the Europa League quarter-finals.
France have the champagne on ice as they hunt a first Grand Slam since 2010, but underdogs England can sniff some frailties in the title favourites.
Rangers boss Giovanni van Bronckhorst says his side's "belief is only getting stronger" after dispatching Red Star Belgrade in the Europa League last 16.
Former England bowler Ryan Sidebottom tells the BBC about the mental health problems he has suffered since the end of his playing career.
Wesley Fofana scored on his return after serious injury to help Leicester see off Rennes and move into the Europa Conference League quarter-finals.
Senior Western defence and intelligence experts outline the battlefield errors made by Moscow.
Video shows destroyed blocks of flats and a shopping mall in the besieged Ukrainian port city.
Gordon Brown and Sir John Major join calls for a new international tribunal to investigate Russia's actions.
Eight years after Russia seized Crimea, the event is being celebrated with a concert and in schools.
Bradford, County Durham, Southampton and Wrexham are in the running to succeed Coventry.
Dawn French, Jennifer Saunders, Matt Lucas and David Walliams featured in the Red Nose Day broadcast.
Chicago Cubs owners, a consortium featuring Lord Coe and another group led by British property investor Nick Candy all submit offers to buy Chelsea.
Each of the 109 prams in Lviv are a tribute to the number of children who have died in the war so far.
It marks Bashar al-Assad's first visit to an Arab country since the Syrian civil war began in 2011.
Experts say the UK should reduce the amount of toxic "forever chemicals" allowed in drinking water.
Around 20 hooded attackers used fireworks to steal €300,000 worth of equipment from the crew.
Joanne Tulip was stabbed 60 times on Christmas Day 1997 by Steven Ling, who she had met that day.
Morad Tahbaz's family say they are "distraught" after hoping he would be permanently freed.
Because of his miscalculations, there's a new iron curtain at the Russian leader’s door - writes Allan Little
Volunteers inside and outside Ukraine are working together to help civilians escape the war safely.
One of the prime sources for fake news on Twitter comes straight from the Kremlin's network of Twitter accounts.
Russia's president stokes patriotic fervour as rescuers seek survivors of the Mariupol theatre bombing.
Krystyna Tynkalyuk is trying to explain to her three-year-old why they can't go back home to see her father.
Videos of Putin and Zelensky declaring the war is over have been circulating online.
Russian advances grind to a halt in many areas as Ukrainian forces launch counterattacks - but fighting is ongoing in Mariupol.
Several of Saturday's papers lead with Russian President Vladimir Putin's aggression in Ukraine.
A group of Ukrainian seamstresses who fled the war are helping by making camouflage capes for soldiers.
'Lenlen' is one of several foreign domestic workers made homeless amid Hong Kong's Covid wave.
In Israel, some 90 Ukrainian children have been dressing up for the joyful Jewish holiday of Purim.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Communications experts say P&O Ferries' move to sack 800 staff was 'how not to handle a difficult situation'
Frustrated P&O Ferry customers tell the BBC about cancelled trips and last-minute texts.
Sacked P&O Ferries crew "felt intimidated" when security guards were deployed on ship.
How the bond between Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe and her family helped them endure the darkest of times.
P&O has been widely criticised for sacking 800 employees - but are its actions illegal?
Russia's invasion of Ukraine has shaken up France's presidential elections, with only three weeks to go.
Most free Covid tests will soon be scrapped in England, but they'll remain in Scotland and Wales.
After years of authoritarian rule, there are signs of change under the country's first female leader.
President Rajapaksa is resisting efforts to investigate alleged war crimes and improve a dismal rights record.
A rare genetic condition has left Jenny Rowbory bedbound for more than a decade.
The east London chef sending protective equipment to Ukraine's soldiers.
Small and medium sized firms, including recruiters, are organising support for arriving refugees.
Leeds' win at Wolves has a little bit of everything, leaving Wolves unhappy with the referee and Leeds with renewed belief.
A dogged unbeaten century from Kraigg Brathwaite and Jermaine Blackwood's 102 blunts England on day three of the second Test in Barbados.
France are fully focused on their Grand Slam bid but England are searching for direction and shape as the pressure grows on head coach Eddie Jones.
Pioneering jockey Rachael Blackmore says she fulfilled an "impossible dream" by becoming the first female rider to win the Cheltenham Gold Cup, with victory on A Plus Tard.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen edges Ferrari's Charles Leclerc in second practice at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix.
Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson says "for me, this is a triumph" after withdrawing from the pentathlon at the World Athletics Indoor Championships.
Watch Australia's Beth Mooney's "worldy" catch to dismiss India's Shafali Verma in the Women's World Cup.
Donald Tusk and Conservative peer Lord Barwell are among those criticising Boris Johnson's comments.
Vladimir Putin's war in Ukraine shook the West. Now its leaders are trying to predict his next move.
A source tells the BBC that up to 200 soldiers were at the Mykolaiv barracks when missiles hit.
Street fighting hampers efforts to rescue civilians trapped in a bombed theatre, the mayor says.
Up to five million elderly and vulnerable people will be eligible, with the first invites sent this week.
The couple were all smiles as they began their week-long tour celebrating the Platinum Jubilee.
Detectives want to speak to Maher Maaroufe, 22, following the death of a 19-year-old woman in London.
Six fire appliances were sent to deal with the massive blaze on the Wirral.
Family of conservationist Morad Tahbaz, 66, say they have been betrayed by the UK government.
Police have charged a 24-year-old man in what they allege was a "hate-motivated incident".
France strut to a first Grand Slam in 12 years as they run in three tries to comfortably see off England in front of a jubilant Stade de France.
The jet is being held at London Biggin Hill airport while it is investigated if it falls under UK sanctions.
The decision to ditch standard Russian uniforms was interpreted as a show of solidarity for Ukraine.
The BBC hears from three people whose opposition to the war cost them their employment.
Forget shock and awe, this is an era of caution for a superpower using diplomacy not military force.
The BBC speaks to hacktivists about past and future attacks in their "cyber war" against Vladimir Putin.
Fierce fighting on Mariupol's streets, and Russia denies its cosmonauts wore Ukrainian colours in space.
Russian advances grind to a halt in many areas as Ukrainian forces launch counterattacks - but fighting is ongoing in Mariupol.
Sunday's papers carry the PM's remarks comparing Ukraine's resistance to Britain leaving the EU.
North Moreton, in Oxfordshire, is hoping to take in up to 60 people who have fled the war.
The Latina composer on breaking down barriers in Hollywood and landing an Oscar nomination.
More than 120 people walked in the Peak District as part of an event organised by the Muslim Hikers.
On its 90th anniversary, the grandson of the iconic bridge's designer reveals what he went through to get it built.
Chloe Campbell was 15 when she got a job in a Moray cafe - four years later she is the new boss.
A British man who flew to Poland to find a refugee to host says he is waiting to bring him to the UK.
A dancer from Vietnam says breaking kept him away from drugs and helped him deal with family problems.
The Polish National Ballet is offering shelter to about 30 Ukrainian dancers in its opera house.
A man is pulled alive from the rubble of a teaching building in Ukraine, after Russian shelling.
Experts say there are also big regional variations in the numbers of people receiving support.
After years of being homeless, Will teamed up with a charity who helped him into employment.
Over-75s and those with a weakened immune system will be offered an extra booster dose this spring.
Cobhams Asuquo is now one of Nigeria's leading music figures but started his career behind the scenes.
From Blue Tokai to Sleepy Owl, a new wave of homegrown coffee roasters are finding success in India.
Despite being half a world away, Ukrainian-Australians say the war feels unbearably close.
A rare genetic condition has left Jenny Rowbory bedbound for more than a decade.
England are on course for a place in the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup after a nerve-shredding one-wicket win over hosts New Zealand.
Eddie Jones says his performance as head coach has not been good enough after England finish third in the Six Nations with defeat by France.
England give themselves a slim chance of victory over West Indies in the second Test in Barbados by taking a lead of 136 into the final day.
England skipper Heather Knight takes a stunning one-handed catch to remove New Zealand's Lea Tahuhu at the Women's World Cup.
Former Argentina international Federico Martin Aramburu is reportedly shot dead in France.
British heavyweight Tom Aspinall claims the biggest win of his career by submitting Alexander Volkov in the first round at UFC London.
Russia issued an ultimatum offering to open humanitarian corridors in exchange for the surrender of the city.
The Foreign Office says it will continue to push for Mr Tahbaz to be allowed to return home to the UK.
Critics say the law was pushed through by "those who think they know better than parents".
Nearly half of people surveyed expect to use up savings to cover rising living costs, a debt charity finds.
"They were shaking their waists like nobody's business," said a local woman who danced with the duke.
Experts say it will help keep the most vulnerable protected against severe illness amid rising infections.
Delay puts lives at risk, says Sadiq Khan as he says London Fire Brigade have made changes asked of them.
There's likely to be a new emphasis on technology to suck CO2 from the air in IPCC report on mitigation.
Maher Maaroufe has been arrested on suspicion of murder over the death of Sabita Thanwani, 19.
Hundreds of people marched through north London. Their message? Let black girls be black girls.
Fiona Beal has been charged with murder after being arrested at a hotel in Cumbria
The chancellor says he will "stand by" people, as he faces pressure to act on rising living costs.
Dozens more are injured in the crash, which the mayor of the town says is a "national catastrophe".
As Dmytro Kotenko was laid to rest, his parents were 600 miles away, trapped under Russian bombs.
Banned from radio stations and rumoured black lists, artists against the war face a difficult moment.
At a children's hospital near the besieged city, the true impact of Russia's tactics are on display.
Russian advances grind to a halt in many areas as Ukrainian forces launch counterattacks - but fighting is ongoing in Mariupol.
Several of Monday's papers lead with Ukraine likening Vladimir Putin's actions to those of the Nazis.
The Royal Mint has found a way to turn old circuit boards from phones, computers and TVs into gold.
Kenya’s road accidents and deaths are on the rise, Africa Eye reveals cracks in Kenya’s road safety systems.
Paper £20 and £50 notes cannot be used after September this year but can still be exchanged.
Iryna has been waiting anxiously to find out if her sister Olya and her family would make it to the UK.
A year out from a home World Cup, France's team, drawn from all parts of the country and society, revive memories of sporting triumphs past at the Stade de France.
China's worst outbreak in two years has got some questioning how long it can hang on to its strategy.
Why sales of very basic mobile phones, without apps and internet connection, are increasing.
The Academy Awards return this Sunday, but they face a battle to raise their viewing figures.
Illegal lenders in England are preying on the most vulnerable in society, says a report.
One man is challenging Nigerians' belief in magic after a wave of killings that has gripped the country.
England are again thwarted by West Indies in an unlikely victory push as the second Test in Barbados ends in a tense draw.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy says whatever happens next, it has already been a very good season for Liverpool and Manchester City, but it could turn out to be a very special one.
Liverpool will play Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley after they edge past Nottingham Forest in a pulsating quarter-final at the City Ground.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scores twice on his El Clasico debut as Barcelona stun Real Madrid 4-0 at the Bernabeu.
Rafael Nadal suffers his first defeat of the year, beaten by Taylor Fritz in straight sets in the final at Indian Wells.
Eddie Jones and England are set to carry on together after another disappointing Six Nations campaign.
Boris Romantschenko was killed in Kharkiv 77 years after surviving the Buchenwald concentration camp.
Merseyside Police say the family of the 17-month-old victim are "absolutely devastated".
An 18-year-old student is arrested on suspicion of murder after "deadly violence" in the city of Malmö.
The oil giant is looking again at the Cambo oil field in the Atlantic, as crude prices rise.
Yvan Colonna's strangling by a fellow inmate had sparked violent protests on the French island.
Rescuers continue to search for survivors of the China Eastern flight, which was carrying 132 people.
The UK blames Russia for the call targeted at Ben Wallace during a visit to Poland last week.
The British-Iranian was speaking publicly for the first time since her release from Iran last week.
The RMT union says Indian seafarers recruited to work in Dover are on rock bottom rates.
Food poisoning and gastroenteritis cases plummeted in England, as people stayed at home.
The van driver is with police but has not been arrested over the death of the girl, believed to be 14.
The man tasked with tackling racism in the police says racist incidents have been damaging.
The most bombarded city in Ukraine’s war with Russia is key to Moscow’s military campaign.
Hundreds of Ukrainian women are pregnant with other people's children - creating a web of complex problems.
Protesters in Kherson scattered as explosions are heard and shots were fired by Russian soldiers.
An unprecedented supply of images gives a unique overview of events unfolding on the ground.
Fears that Russia wants to starve Mariupol into surrender, and a young soldier isolated from his family is buried.
As Dmytro Kotenko was laid to rest, his parents were 600 miles away, trapped under Russian bombs.
The invasion of Ukraine leads many front pages while others focus on an alleged plot to kill Michael Gove.
The BBC has identified a number of female protesters who have been physically and sexually assaulted by security forces in Sudan.
Ten films are up for the best picture Academy Award - here they are in a minute.
The casting in Bridgerton's second season is opening up an important conversation, aspiring actors say.
Footage shows civilians protesting against Russian occupation in Kherson on Sunday.
The Royal Mint has found a way to turn old circuit boards from phones, computers and televisions into gold.
Ex-footballer says he wants to highlight work being done by medical professionals in the conflict.
UK fuel prices are at record highs and there are calls for the government to act.
Almost all of the UK's Covid rules will have been lifted when Wales ends its legal restrictions.
Evangelicalism within Brazil's national football team has been on the rise, mirroring a wider trend across the country.
Asakaa, or Ghana drill, is the latest hot sound from Africa, following the global success of Afrobeats.
Football matches recently have been disrupted by activists who have crashed the pitch.
British investment firm Centricus says it wants to "maintain and support existing management" in bid to buy Chelsea.
England's leading Test wicket-taker James Anderson says he has "made peace" with being dropped for the West Indies tour.
Three-time champion Phil Mickelson is set to miss the Masters next month for the first time in 28 years.
Everton manager Frank Lampard may regret criticising his struggling squad and questioning their courage, says Premier League-winning striker Chris Sutton.
Watch as Lee Zii Jia of Malaysia records a speed of 372km/h on his backhand point against Lakshya Sen of India in the All England Badminton Championships.
Crystal Palace's Tyrick Mitchell and Southampton's Kyle Walker-Peters earn their first England senior call-ups.
Australian player Ashleigh Barty - aged only 25 - says she will retire to "chase other dreams".
The firm says it didn't break law over sackings as it shares details of £36.5m compensation plan.
Florida governor Ron DeSantis signs a proclamation recognising runner-up Emma Weyant as the winner of the highest US national college swimming title.
Evan Neumann fled to Europe after being charged in connection with the 6 January riot.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also visit Bob Marley's neighbourhood in Kingston.
The country has had some of the world's toughest restrictions but these had led to angry protests.
A further 467 people were intercepted by French authorities attempting to cross, the Home Office says.
The deal follows similar agreements the US has reached with allies including the European Union.
Ministers are preparing plans to produce more energy in England but are at odds over how to do it.
The book claimed to have discovered who betrayed Anne Frank and her family to the Nazis.
Rescuers were scouring the crash site of flight MU5735 but have stopped due to landslide risk.
The memorial in a Sheffield cemetery features a solar-powered jukebox, several statues and CCTV.
The BBC's Sarah Rainsford travelled around Ukraine as the war started and lives were shattered.
The BBC speaks to survivors of the Mariupol theatre attack, who describe for the first time what happened.
Wealthy Russians sanctioned by the US, EU and UK are having to find places they can keep their assets safe.
The UN says 10 million people have now fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
The mayor of Voznesensk hails the "fighting spirit" of local people who drove Russian troops back.
A Ukrainian sailing team protest against the arrival of a superyacht linked to Roman Abramovich in Turkey.
US intelligence says Russia could launch cyber-attacks on the West. What is the worst-case scenario?
Belarusian dissident Pavel Kulazhanka left his life in New York to join the fight against Russia.
The war in Ukraine and calls for Rishi Sunak to cut a National Insurance rise lead the papers.
Five-year-old Joey is taking steps after a life-changing operation and months of physiotherapy.
Photography student Thorsten Mjölnir captures the way students decorate their laptops.
Roberta Lucca, co-founder of video games company Bossa Studios, shares her business advice for our CEO Secrets series.
Residents in one aptly named London street reflect on how their lives have changed over two years.
Families desperate to host Ukrainians in need call for the process to be quicker, with less red tape.
Watch the moment the vehicle is tossed in the air by the twister as storms swept across Texas.
A video of Charlie Clarke scoring from inside his own half is watched more than a million times.
The chancellor says he wants to cut taxes - but figures how taxes have risen under his watch.
Teamsters were once known for Jimmy Hoffa and ties to the mob. Their new boss wants to take on Amazon.
Most free Covid tests will soon be scrapped in England, but will remain in Scotland and Wales.
A round-up of quirky facts and possible record breakers ahead of Sunday's Academy Awards.
The government's grant support scheme for replacing gas boilers with heat pumps begins in April.
Thousands of Russian and Ukrainian tourists are stuck in Phuket, unable to go home.
London is the latest UK city to trial e-scooters - which the government hopes will be a more environmentally-friendly way to travel.
How does it work when a government wants to borrow money, and when does it have to pay it back?
Almost all of the UK's Covid rules will have ended if Wales lifts restrictions as planned.
The FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Manchester City should be moved from Wembley, say the mayors of both cities.
The Ricketts family, which is aiming to buy Chelsea, says it will meet fans to allay concerns about its potential ownership.
Rafael Nadal is ruled out for between four and six weeks because of a stress fracture of the rib, with the French Open starting on 22 May.
England batter Jason Roy receives a suspended two-match international ban and is fined £2,500 following a disciplinary hearing.
Barcelona score two late goals as they come from behind to beat rivals Real Madrid and take the first-leg advantage in their Champions League quarter-final tie.
Manchester United midfielder Paul Pogba says burglars stole his World Cup winner's medal when they broke into his home.
The chancellor will give his economic update to the Commons as the cost of living crisis continues.
The Ukraine war and rising living prices means Rishi Sunak faces pressure to take fresh action to help.
Some disabled people say they are switching off their heating to cope with spiralling energy bills.
Millions of people may have to spend less on food and clothing to afford higher bills, an energy boss says.
The chancellor cuts fuel duty and eases National Insurance rise but soaring prices threaten tough times.
President Joe Biden joins leaders of Nato, the EU and G7 in response to the invasion of Ukraine.
The Duke of Cambridge condemns the slave trade, saying it "forever stains" the UK's history.
World number one Ashleigh Barty tells people to "wait and see" about her next move following her shock retirement at the age of 25.
Oksana Baulina died while filming destruction caused by Russian shelling in a Kyiv neighbourhood.
The China Eastern plane was carrying 132 people, and there has been no sign of survivors so far.
The financier was accused of sexually abusing girls on one of the two Caribbean islands on sale.
Video game developers, publishers and players come together to raise millions for Ukraine.
Tributes are paid to the Czech immigrant who was the first woman to become the top US diplomat.
There is doubt over a Boris Johnson claim that P&O Ferries may have broken a law by sacking 800 staff suddenly.
The former tennis star, who was declared bankrupt in 2017, is accused of failing to hand over assets.
The Wikileaks founder is being held in the high-security prison while the US seeks to extradite him.
Orchards are in big decline, with an area the size of the Isle of Wight lost since 1900, research finds.
The government grants more than £4m to the World Service to help fight Russian disinformation.
Surging prices, National Insurance changes and fuel duty cuts - the impact on your finances explained.
UK fuel prices are at record highs and there are calls for the government to act.
The chancellor laid out his Spring Statement amid a cost of living squeeze. Here's what you should know.
Laura Kuenssberg, Faisal Islam and Simon Jack review the headlines and reaction to the chancellor's update on the UK economy.
Wages will lag soaring prices meaning the biggest drop in standards since 1956, says the OBR.
UK inflation is rising at its fastest rate for 30 years and the government's forecaster predicts it could climb to a 40-year high.
The chancellor says he wants to cut taxes - but figures show how taxes have risen under his watch.
Thursday's front pages respond to Chancellor Rishi Sunak's Spring Statement.
Many entrepreneurs are struggling to balance soaring costs and keep their businesses profitable.
A photographer from the UK travels to western Ukraine to rescue pets displaced by war.
The controversial sphere will be covered in lights and become one of London's biggest music venues.
The Fords are a busy family and, like many, they’ve noticed the impact of rising prices.
US investment banker David Solomon will play Lollapalooza in Chicago alongside acts like Metallica.
The Taliban’s U-turn on girls' high schools is heartbreaking, the Nobel Peace Prize laureate says.
Transplant patient Stuart Middleton has both his kidneys - along with two he received from donors.
The BBC hears from tennis players in Brisbane, where world number one Ashleigh Barty regular trained.
The huge marble tribute in Sheffield has become a minor attraction - but its future is in doubt.
Originally born in Czechoslovakia, Albright became a trailblazer for women on the world stage.
Cinderella, Minamata and Sing 2 might not be nominated, but they could be named "fan favourite".
Over-75s and those with a weakened immune system will be offered an extra booster dose this spring.
Ed Kendall qualified as a social worker in 2019 and has started a role focusing on safeguarding.
A host of by-elections present a key test for the new opposition and the country's democratic credentials.
The family house was destroyed and they lived in a tent but now they've settled in rural Wales.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Impressive England sweep aside Pakistan to move closer to a place in the semi-finals of the Women's World Cup.
Arsenal boss Jonas Eidevall says he is "100% sure" his team will progress into the semi-finals of the Women's Champions League.
Chelsea are allowed to sell tickets to some games again after the UK government altered the club's licence.
BBC tennis correspondent Russell Fuller looks at the world number one's shock decision to retire.
England captain Harry Kane says he wants to "shine a light" on issues around Qatar, where the 2022 World Cup will be held.
Wales will use the "hurt" of previous near misses as inspiration for Thursday's World Cup play-off semi-final against Austria, says captain Gareth Bale.
In the month since Russia's military invaded, it has laid waste to cities across Ukraine.
In 10 parliaments over two weeks Ukraine's leader has used shame and national trauma to set a global agenda.
Ten-year-old Yana started school in Poland three weeks ago, after fleeing the war in Ukraine.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Ukrainian forces are pushing back Russia's advances to Kyiv's west, as a Kremlin adviser resigns.
Preparing to defend Kyiv, Ukraine's new recruits must learn a new way of life - how to fight.
The UN says 10 million people have now fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
About 4.3 million people - or one in every 16 - are thought to have the virus, compared to 3.3 million the week before.
Boris Johnson backs Grant Shapps' call for Peter Hebblethwaite to quit after not consulting on sackings.
The Mariupol attack reportedly caused the worst known loss of life in one strike since the invasion began.
Mr Putin referenced the Harry Potter author during a speech condemning "cancel culture" in the West.
Kyrell Matthews suffered weeks of abuse before he died, much of it caught on harrowing recordings.
The Old Bailey hears the man accused of killing Sir David Amess told police it was a terrorist attack.
The liquefied natural gas deal with US is part of EU attempts to reduce reliance on Russian energy.
The US president made the comments during an unprecedented day of emergency summits in Brussels.
Caroline Curry called on the home secretary to "look in her heart" and change an "antiquated" law.
Dr Gary Jenkins, 54, died 16 days after he was attacked in Cardiff's Bute Park on 20 July 2021.
A woman had recently travelled to Central Asia where the tick bite viral disease is endemic.
A van was reportedly hijacked and driven to the venue, and a controlled explosion has since been carried out.
A risky night-time race to safety lies ahead for exhausted families fleeing Kyiv each day.
The UN has documented almost 40 cases of politicians, journalists and activists being abducted.
The shooting of a Ukrainian priest by Russian soldiers is being logged as a suspected war crime.
Quentin Sommerville and cameraman Darren Conway have spent time with two fighters since the very start.
The BBC's Frank Gardner looks at four themes that have defined Ukraine's reaction to Russia's invasion.
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen returns to Irpin, where Ukrainian forces say they're pushing back Russians.
"What's happening is a disgrace," says Elena, who was carried away by police for anti-war protests.
It was a busy day of international diplomacy on Thursday, with several emergency summits taking place.
In 10 parliaments over two weeks Ukraine's leader has used shame and national trauma to set a global agenda.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
The children, who were evacuated from Dnipro, can stay in Scotland until it is safe to return home.
She was originally meant to visit the Staffordshire firm - but it arranged to bring its wares to Windsor.
The hit Netflix series is described as "less fun" with fewer sex scenes, but also "more dynamic".
Charities are calling on the government to do more to address the rising cost of living.
An egg poacher, a toaster and the washing up - just some ways Michael Bublé shows his romantic side.
Screenwriter and director Richard Curtis says awards voters often overlook comedy and its actors.
Former P&O employee John, who was made redundant suddenly, explains his anger with the operator.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on during the past seven days?
Rising tensions with Russia and criticism of a ferry firm boss are among a mix of stories in the papers.
Locals tell dramatic stories of survival and recovery, but accuse politicians of ignoring them.
Rob Roy Cameron served up school dinners after kitchen manager Tina Clarke made a plea on BBC Radio.
Ahead of the ceremony, executive Scott Stuber says it would be "terrible" if Netflix killed cinema.
The controversial sphere will be covered in lights and become one of London's biggest music venues.
As tensions with Russia rise, fears mount that North America's isolated Arctic may be vulnerable
About 200 hospitals worldwide are offering safe cancer treatment for boys like Pavlo and Kyril.
Tess Seddon has made a stage show out of standing for parliament for the Yorkshire Party.
The Spring Statement cut some taxes but, overall, the government has raised taxes in the past year.
In the summer of 2009 mysterious new owners promised to propel fourth-tier side Notts County to grand success. It was all a big lie.
Over-75s and those with a weakened immune system will be offered an extra booster dose this spring.
Nato faces one of the biggest challenges in its history with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
The family house was destroyed and they lived in a tent but now they've settled in rural Wales.
Wales forward Gareth Bale has hit out at Spanish newspaper Marca for a column which described him as a "parasite".
The FA is to provide 100 free buses for fans attending the FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Manchester City at Wembley.
For the first time in their history, Italy will miss a second successive World Cup - now they need to avoid scapegoats and learn from a sporting disaster, says Daniele Verri.
From mazy runs to outstanding offloads relive the best tries from the 2021 Women's Six Nations.
Lviv has become a hub for thousands of refugees fleeing other parts of Ukraine since Russia's invasion.
There are safety concerns over using cheaper replacement crews, as one ship is found to be "unfit to sail".
The band said they were "devastated" by the loss of Hawkins, who has drummed with them since 1997.
The London mayor calls the actions of the government "embarrassing" compared with other countries.
Musicians performed the concert at a metro station in Kharkiv, being used as a makeshift shelter.
Harry Kane moves level with Sir Bobby Charlton on 49 England goals as the Three Lions come from behind to beat Switzerland at Wembley.
Rescue teams are still searching for the second black box at the site of the plane crash in Guangxi.
The two planes belong to Eugene Shvidler, an associate of Roman Abramovich, the government says.
Former UFC middleweight champion Michael Bisping tells BBC Sport how he rebuilt his career after going blind in one eye.
Officers are heard in footage saying it was "odd" the man was wearing a coat in warm weather.
Police say the man escaped a prison van after assaulting security officers in Poole.
A post-mortem examination was carried out on the remains of 42-year-old Nicholas Billingham.
Red Bull's Sergio Perez beats Ferrari's Charles Leclerc to take his first Formula 1 pole position at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix.
Moscow now says the main aim is to "liberate" eastern Ukraine - a change of emphasis or more?
Western officials believe low morale among Russian troops is forcing generals to the battlefield.
Russia is spreading untruths about Nazis in Ukraine - one of Putin's justifications for his invasion.
Russia says it is focusing on taking full control of the east of Ukraine as counter-attacks push its troops back in several areas of the country.
Fear of Russian saboteurs operating in Ukraine has soared, but is it based on intelligence and arrests?
Video captured by a Ukrainian aerial reconnaissance group appears to show Russian forces shooting at civilians.
In Irpin, only a few civilians remain as volunteers bolster defences a few miles from Kyiv.
The drummer with US rock group Foo Fighters, Taylor Hawkins, has died aged 50.
Could an experimental forest hold the answers to meeting the UK's big tree planting ambitions?
Roger Johnson and Rachel Burden were interviewing The Apprentice winner Harpreet Kaur at the time.
The Netflix musical "wins" five Razzie Awards, which name and shame the year's worst films.
The Oscar-nominated film draws on the director’s childhood in the Tiger's Bay area of north Belfast.
Animated film Jujutsu Kaisen 0 is a surprise box office hit, as anime enjoys a new global popularity.
Women from the Hazara community say the martial art helps them break out of the restrictions their community faces.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Sean Lennon talks about his mother's "great love for Liverpool" as he opens a centre for live music.
Ex-PM Shinzo Abe shocked Japan by saying it should think about nuclear weapons - but he's not alone.
After a year away due to Covid, this year's ceremony is back to its glitzy best in tinseltown.
Pensioner Graeme Stagg says that fraudsters destroyed his life by taking everything.
Apple TV's film about the hearing daughter of a deaf family could win best picture on Sunday.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Residents of a town neighbouring Mariupol ready themselves for Russian missile and rocket attacks.
Ministers hope solar farms can vary the UK's energy mix - but they face increasing local opposition.
The BBC speaks to victims of sexual violence as rights groups say rape was used as a weapon of war.
England head coach Simon Middleton is left "frustrated" by his "rusty" side despite opening the Women's Six Nations with a 57-5 victory in Scotland.
Alan Browne comes off the bench to score a late equaliser and earn the Republic of Ireland a creditable friendly draw with Belgium in Dublin.
Watch as Abby Dow weaves through Scotland's defence to score England's fourth try in the opening game of the Women's Six Nations.
Opener Suzie Bates hits an imperious 126 in New Zealand's 71-run win against Pakistan in Christchurch, with bowler Hannah Rowe also impressing with figures of 5-55.
Watch as Hannah Jones scores a "breathtaking" try to seal Wales' five-try victory over Ireland and a first Women's Six Nations win since 2019.
The US secretary of state spoke after President Biden said Vladimir Putin should not remain in power.
The financial hub will be locked down in two phases, in China's biggest city-wide lockdown yet.
All you need to know about Sunday's Oscars ceremony.
Bosses from DFDS and Stena Lines will meet transport officials to discuss P&O's sacking of staff.
People who saw the fire on Gruinard Island from the mainland described the sight as "apocalyptic".
The 62 deaths recorded on Saturday make it the country's most violent 24-hour period for 30 years.
Yasmin Begum, 40, was stabbed multiple times while her children were at school.
Radio and online are unaffected as the regime stops local TV showing international partner content.
Kyle Eglington assaulted a security officer in Poole before making off from a prison van, police say.
Harpreet Kaur also tells BBC Breakfast that her sister is "definitely staying within the business".
Max Verstappen wins an intense race-long battle with Charles Leclerc to take his first victory of the season in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix.
Belfast director Sir Kenneth Branagh and actor Ciarán Hinds have left Covid isolation in time.
Rescuers say the young man fell 15 metres and remained unconscious in the water for 10 minutes.
Three ex-British Army soldiers now in Ukraine on what has led them to fight for another country.
The US President has made a series of unscripted remarks this week, souring US-Russia relations.
Ukraine condemns Russia's alleged "deportation" of many civilians from devastated Mariupol.
The BBC joins a Ukrainian defence unit carrying out aerial reconnaissance around Kyiv.
Weeks after Russia's leader unleashed war on Ukraine, there is no sign yet of when it will end.
Russia continues to hit targets across Ukraine, despite saying it has shifted its focus to the east of the country.
Passenger photos recovered from an infamous wreck have finally been published.
The 11-year-old actor, who is in LA for the Oscars, talks about rubbing shoulders with the A-listers.
The presenter dropped in to a Devon campsite to mark two years of camping by fundraiser Max Woosey.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
How cuddling a goat in a garden helps US medical staff and patients.
The pioneering LGBT film made during the Balkans conflict
Dad Shaun Culpin was inspired to set up the initiative two years ago.
A string of violent attacks in Sweden's schools has a country not used to such tragedies looking for answers.
The electric car revolution is speeding up but what do buyers really want to know?
A company that produces Chernobyl’s ‘Atomik vodka’ releases new products, donating profits to Ukraine's refugees.
India’s influence in K-pop is steadily growing, thanks to dedicated artists and the internet.
Palestinians with the disease are being turned away from hospital lacking the funds to treat them.
England slump to a chastening 10-wicket defeat early on the fourth day of the third Test to lose their series against West Indies 1-0.
Chelsea go a point above Arsenal at the top of the Women's Super League after thrashing second-bottom Leicester at the King Power Stadium.
Batter Sophia Dunkley says England always believed they could revive their World Cup campaign after starting with three successive defeats.
Man Utd boss Marc Skinner says "women's football won" on a day Old Trafford hosted a WSL match in front of fans for the first time.
Huddersfield Giants score five tries to reach the last eight of the Challenge Cup with victory at Barrow.
Watch the highlights as Josh Warrington earns a brilliant technical knockout against Spain's Kiko Martinez to become a two-time IBF featherweight champion.
Watch as Emilie Boulard runs in a brilliant solo try as France beat Italy 39-6 in their opening game of the 2022 Women's Six Nations.
The billionaire suffered suspected poisoning at talks on the Ukraine-Belarus border, sources close to him say.
Westminster sources suggest at least 15 fines for Covid rule breaches will be handed out initially.
The incident has sparked fierce debate over comic Chris Rock's joke and the reaction it provoked.
As Covid infections continue to rise again, Ros Atkins assesses the government’s current plans.
The separate attacks in the West Midlands left boys aged two and eight seriously hurt.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency held the Pride of Kent after it failed a safety inspection.
Sherrilyn Speid admits using her car to try and move a climate change protester near the M25.
Despite the size of the chocolate bar getting 10% smaller, the £2 price tag will remain.
The former tennis star, who was declared bankrupt in 2017, says it limited his future earnings.
Alan Bird's son Lewis died in 2019 after being smothered as a toddler in 2001.
A warrant for the pair, who are accused of burgling Claridges and the Four Seasons, is issued.
Locals succeed in their bid to buy The Old Forge on the Knoydart Peninsula in a landmark deal.
Marion Wood and Michael Williams, both in their 60s, initially believed they had scooped £1,000.
How a young Russian orphan went on to become one of the world's richest men.
An investigation finds evidence Boris Nemtsov was shadowed by an agent linked to an assassination team.
The doors of Russian journalists and activists who speak out against the war are being vandalised.
If Russia has carried out war crimes in Ukraine how could Putin or his army generals be prosecuted?
Doctors have begun seeing a sharp rise in the number of preterm births in some areas of Ukraine.
Ukraine condemns Russia's alleged "deportation" of many civilians from devastated Mariupol.
Residents and officials in Chernihiv say Russian forces are deliberately targeting civilian sites.
Russians have an estimated $1tn hidden around the world and countries are trying to find it.
Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov was shadowed by an agent connected to a political assassination team for almost a year before he was shot dead, an investigation has found.
Joe McGrath and his fiancée Becky had a lucky break after losing the ring on a beach.
The Lord Bishop John Sentamu reflects on the duke before the service of thanksgiving.
Proceeds from the CND Soldiers anti-war piece will go to help Ukraine's largest children's hospital.
The 1997 film based in Sheffield is being reprised as a series for Disney+, 25 years later.
Sheila Parker has played since she was 13 and captained the first England women's team in 1972.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Joe Biden wants to raise taxes on the likes of billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Warren Buffett.
The Hebridean islands already face higher living costs, and locals are braced for the worst.
Almost all of the UK's Covid rules are coming to an end, two years after they were introduced.
Its worst spike in cases since the start of the pandemic has prompted a policy rethink.
The ex-Labour leader says his wife Glenys, who has Alzheimer's, has been "a continent of rocks".
A new investigation sheds more light on human rights violations in North Korean prisons.
A growing number of firms are offering solutions to cut the excessive noise that's harming our health
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal suggests Erik ten Hag should not move to the Red Devils because they are "a commercial club".
Russia's Daniil Medvedev is two wins away from regaining the men's world number one spot after reaching the Miami Open last 16.
With 100 days to go until England hosts Euro 2022, France midfielder Kenza Dali tells BBC Sport the tournament will be harder to win than the World Cup.
Joe Salisbury will become the third British man to reach world number one when he tops the doubles rankings in April.
Reigning Giro d'Italia champion Egan Bernal is back riding his bike just two months after suffering a life-threatening crash.
Englishman John Herdman will lead Canada to the World Cup later this year after helping transform the nation's football fortunes.
The actor made headlines at the Oscars after hitting the comedian over a joke about his wife.
The Oscars were halted momentarily when Will Smith took offence to a joke by presenter Chris Rock.
Apple TV's film about the hearing daughter of a deaf family wasn't expected to win best picture.
See which stars impressed on the famous red carpet on Hollywood's biggest night.
Find out which films, actors and directors have won what at the Hollywood ceremony.
All the action from the red carpet at the Oscars in under a minute.
Local elections in England, Wales and Scotland, and a general election in Northern Ireland, will happen on 5 May.
National elections in Northern Ireland and local elections in the rest of the UK happen on 5 May 2022.
Elections in England this year will reflect voters' views on the cost-of-living crisis, says the BBC's Alex Forsyth.
Parties make pledges but the nature of Northern Ireland's government means they're harder to honour.
Elections for all 32 Scottish local councils will be held on 5 May. Here are some of the things to look out for.
The Duke of Edinburgh's dedication to duty was praised at a memorial service at Westminster Abbey.
The finding comes ahead of a full report into maternity care from Shrewsbury and Telford NHS Trust.
Police say 20 fixed penalty notices will initially be issued over Downing Street parties that broke the law.
Ticket sales for Chris Rock's shows have spiked after Will Smith struck him on-stage at the Oscars.
The list of who can get free tests after 1 April in England is now out, but most people will have to pay.
The stand-in clerk went viral after clips from a Cheshire council meeting got millions of views online.
An annual survey of media habits, from Ofcom, reveals how under-age children use social media.
From Friday, many NHS hospital staff will need to pay for parking as a government scheme ends.
Victims were shot in the streets on the outskirts of Tel Aviv, in the third such attack within days.
More than 40 diplomats are told to leave by Belgium, the Netherlands, Ireland and the Czech Republic.
People are being urged to spend or deposit paper notes as they are replaced with plastic ones.
The former F1 boss killed himself at home after exhausting treatment options, a coroner concludes.
The former tennis champion is accused of failing to hand over trophies after being declared bankrupt.
Residents of the historic city on Ukraine's coast are confident it will not fall to Russian forces.
More than 1.5 million children have fled Ukraine since the beginning of Russia's invasion, says the UN.
Ukrainian authorities investigate a video apparently showing Russian PoWs being shot in the legs.
The West calls for actions not words after the first sign of progress in peace talks.
The ICRC is worried that its operations might be undermined by misinformation about its work.
The Chelsea FC owner - who has now recovered - reportedly suffered sore eyes and peeling skin.
The Queen joined family members at Westminster Abbey to celebrate the life of the Duke of Edinburgh.
Duke of Edinburgh Gold Award winner Doyin Sonibare delivers an address to senior royals at Westminster.
The Ukrainian family who found shelter in a an unlikely place after fleeing Kharkiv.
Kev Crane secured a record contract after being overheard singing while fitting a bathroom.
Ahead of Warne's memorial service, ordinary Australians explain why his legacy transcends cricket.
Locals succeed in their bid to buy The Old Forge on the Knoydart Peninsula in a landmark deal.
João Carvalhaes introduced psychology labs to South American football almost 30 years before the concept was adopted in Europe.
A childhood ordeal that has long haunted the actor may offer an insight into his "inexcusable" attack.
The 95-year-old monarch overcomes her mobility problems to honour Prince Philip.
The planet is experiencing its sixth mass extinction event, but it is hoped action can be agreed.
Workers in three Amazon warehouses are deciding whether to join a union - which would be a first in the US.
Imports of cheaper Russian oil by India are rising, despite calls for Russia's economic isolation.
The relationship between a Bulgarian community and locals in Moissac sheds light on political issues.
Personal finance apps are everywhere but are they useful if you are already in debt or on low wages.
A much-changed England side stroll to victory against 10-man Ivory Coast in a friendly at Wembley on Tuesday.
Sadio Mane scores the winning penalty in a shootout against Egypt to put Senegal through to the World Cup finals in Qatar.
Bruno Fernandes sent Portugal to the World Cup with a double in their play-off final win over North Macedonia in Porto.
Former speed skater Elise Christie is amongst the riders selected for the inaugural eScooter championship.
British number one Cameron Norrie is hampered by a calf injury as he is knocked out of the Miami Open by sixth seed Casper Ruud.
Transgender athlete Emily Bridges may compete against Laura Kenny at Saturday's National Omnium Championships in her first women's event.
National elections in Northern Ireland and local elections in the rest of the UK happen on 5 May 2022.
Sajid Javid apologises over the maternity scandal and pledges to hold those responsible to account.
Russia's defence ministry has since announced a one-day ceasefire on Thursday to let civilians leave.
Germany and Austria have both issued gas supply warnings as a payments row with Russia escalates.
The British boy band star told fans in 2020 he had been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer.
The Labour leader accuses Boris Johnson of misleading MPs over lockdown parties.
Transgender cyclist Emily Bridges will not compete at Saturday's National Omnium Championships in her first women's event after a ruling by cycling's world governing body.
The Die Hard actor has aphasia, a brain condition "impacting his cognitive abilities", says his family.
Jamie Wallis is praised for his bravery after opening up about being a victim of rape and blackmail.
Brian Martin says he became a "single point of failure" in an emotional closing speech to the public inquiry.
The child had been at Birmingham Children's Hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest on Monday.
The decision is in response to Western sanctions and surging inflation since the war in Ukraine.
The legal requirement to wear face coverings in shops and on public transport will remain until 18 April.
Prof Lucy Easthope says the UK "acted too late" in its response to Covid-19 pandemic.
Recruits are being offered thousands of dollars to be deployed on the front line in Ukraine.
No breakthrough, says Russia, while Ukraine says Russia has broken a promise to pull back troops.
One woman tells the BBC from hospital that a Russian soldier opened fire on her for no reason.
Ukrainian authorities investigate a video apparently showing Russian PoWs being shot in the legs.
Ed Sheeran, Camila Cabello and Eurovision winner Jamala help raise funds at the Concert For Ukraine.
A woman with alopecia is embracing being bald due to raised awareness of the condition.
Home and business have been swamped, with residents forced to evacuate.
Sir Elton John, Ed Sheeran and a host of former cricketers lead tributes to Australia legend Shane Warne at a state memorial service.
The hack of the Ronin Network crypto platform leaves thousands out of pocket and plenty of questions.
The dog named Bavaria was found as soldiers inspected abandoned flats on the frontline near Kyiv.
The air-purifying headphones are designed to address the growing issue of pollution.
The painting of a historic Indian victory over British troops was auctioned for £500,000 in London.
Children as young as five are regularly using social media despite the rules, a survey finds.
Endometriosis is a cruel and debilitating disease that affects one in 10 women globally of reproductive age.
In Finland, which borders Russia, some young people are worried the Ukraine conflict could spread.
Fast fashion could be a thing of the past under plans to make clothing worn in the EU more sustainable.
"I can still hear them saying, we can't hear the heartbeat" - one of the many parents on losing their child.
Does the Duke of York's role at Prince Philip's memorial mark the start of more public appearances?
Diana Sachavo and her mother Olena are among the first to arrive under the Homes for Ukraine scheme.
The Wanted singer also starred in the musical Grease and appeared in several reality-TV shows.
The thousands who left are now faced with a decision about where to continue their studies.
An anti-hunger charity sees unprecedented demand for surplus food during cost of living crisis.
Barcelona's Champions League match with Real Madrid is watched by a record-breaking crowd of 91,553 fans.
Ramona Bachmann scores in extra time to send PSG into the Women's Champions League semi-finals with a 4-3 aggregate victory over Bayern Munich.
Australia's Beth Mooney takes a superb diving catch to remove West Indies' Rashada Williams in their Women's World Cup semi-final in Wellington.
Chelsea cannot be allowed to operate like it is "business as usual" after the sanctions imposed on Roman Abramovich, says sports minister Nigel Huddleston.
England will look to book a Women's World Cup final meeting with Australia when they play South Africa in the semi-final on Thursday.
Almost a year on from the European Super League proposal, Paris St-Germain president Nasser Al-Khelaifi discusses the key issues affecting European football.
Barcelona beat Real Madrid to reach the Women's Champions League semi-finals in front of a record crowd at the Nou Camp.
Vladimir Putin orders "unfriendly" foreign buyers of Russia's gas to open Russian bank accounts.
Ukraine's state nuclear company says Russian soldiers have left the former nuclear power plant.
Nato's statement comes after Russia said it would 'radically' reduce its military activity around the capital Kyiv.
The government changes its mind within hours but transgender people will not be covered by the plans.
The chancellor speaks out over criticism of his wife, who owns shares in a firm operating in Russia.
British Gas, E.On and EDF are among the suppliers affected, ahead of a price rise on Friday.
An Italian aid worker says he was beaten and given dog names by his Islamic State captors in Syria.
"Spring is on hold," says BBC Weather, in a sharp change to last week which saw highs of 20C.
Lincoln City has asked supporters to support the move, sparked by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
In total 47 officers were investigated over the handling of claims of child sex abuse in Rotherham.
Gen Eric Vidaud loses his job as military intelligence boss for not predicting Russia's invasion.
The government failed to complete a review of fire safety guidance before the disaster in June 2017.
The Leadmill, in Sheffield, says it has been told it must leave the building in a year's time.
A video posted on social media appears to show cars carefully driving around landmines near Kyiv.
BBC reporters Jenny Hill and Orla Guerin - on the ground - answer your questions about the war in Ukraine.
President Putin demands roubles for gas supplies, as Russian troops redeploy around Ukraine.
Zanny Minton Beddoes, editor-in-chief of The Economist, on how she interviewed Ukraine's president.
Russia has blocked 45 buses heading to the city to rescue civilians, says Ukraine's deputy prime minister.
Residents who have escaped the besieged city are trying to leave behind memories of its destruction.
Rival UK and Russian trips seek to enlist Delhi's support over the war in Ukraine.
Weeks after Russia's leader unleashed war on Ukraine, there is no sign yet of when it will end.
Actor Kevin Lee has carved out his niche - playing the Western villain in China's patriotic films.
Wales and Real Madrid footballer Gareth Bale wants to open the venue on Bristol's harbourside.
Ukraine's president received a standing ovation after speaking to the Australian parliament.
Chinaza, a Nigerian student, is scrambling to continue his studies since escaping the war in Ukraine.
Barcelona's Champions League match with Real Madrid is watched by a record-breaking crowd of 91,553 fans.
Minty the frog was discovered in Northumberland, after being imported from Ethiopia.
A fire at a rubbish mountain is choking residents while firefighters work round the clock to put it out.
Gamers in the UK spent more last year than they did during the height of lockdown.
Families of two mothers who died after giving birth at a hospital trust share their stories for the first time.
As Covid continues to spread rapidly, are many people catching Omicron for a second time?
Electricity and gas bills for a typical household will go up £693 a year in April.
The pandemic has led to an increase in the number of people joining a union to get support at work.
Russia has threatened to cut off gas supplies if countries ban its oil.
Women who have experienced alopecia speak about Jada Pinkett-Smith's 'bravery' after Oscars joke.
Nine out of 10 governors who responded to a questionnaire were white, and 57% were over 55.
Pakistan's prime minister faces a vote of no confidence and could be out of office within days.
With hospitality businesses facing soaring costs, some are warning they will have to increase prices.
Arsenal are knocked out of the Women's Champions League at the quarter-final stage after being beaten 3-1 on aggregate by Wolfsburg.
The World Cup draw is on Friday - so how does it work and who could England, Wales or Scotland play?
Yorkshire chair Lord Patel hails an "overwhelming vote for positive change" as structural reforms at the club are approved on Thursday.
Danni Wyatt's magnificent century and Sophie Ecclestone's 6-36 propels England to a 137-run defeat of South Africa and into the Women's World Cup final.
Premier League shareholders agree to change the rules relating to the use of substitutes, allowing five to be used from next season.
Qatar 2022 secretary general Hassan Al-Thawadi says criticism of the tournament has been "ill-informed" and the nation "should not be apologetic" about hosting.
Harry Smith's 78th-minute drop-goal gifts Wigan a narrow victory in a thrilling Super League match against Hull FC.
A typical annual energy bill could be as high as £2,600 by October, warns consultancy Cornwall Insight.
The latest data from the ONS suggests some 4.9 million people in the UK are infected with the virus.
Rishi Sunak has been under pressure over his wife's stake in Infosys, which operates in Russia.
A US judge upholds Ghislaine Maxwell's sex trafficking conviction, denying her bid for a new trial.
The team hope the slime could one day be used to collect accidentally-swallowed objects.
Transgender cyclist Emily Bridges says she has been "harassed and demonised" after being told she cannot compete in the National Omnium Championships.
England could face Scotland or Wales at the Fifa World Cup Qatar 2022 after the draw for the tournament's finals was made on Friday.
The Duke of York returns £750,000 claimed to have been "misappropriated" from its Turkish owner.
An ex-insider told the BBC it would be "disgraceful" if junior, but not senior, staff received fines.
Protestors are angry because of food, fuel and power shortages across the nation.
The Amazon Labor Union won a contest to establish the first unionised Amazon warehouse in the US.
The World Trade Organisation says ongoing pandemic-related supply chain problems are also hurting growth.
Razzie organisers said it was "not appropriate" after the announcement about actor's health issues.
Orla Guerin returns to Irpin, where the Ukrainian military has forced a Russian retreat.
Russia has shifted most of the focus of its war to eastern Ukraine, aiming to "liberate" the region.
Day 37 saw Russia accuse Ukraine of bombing an oil facility on its territory, and the BBC witnessed possible evidence of war crimes.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on during the past seven days?
Police say the car's new owner crashed after driving it for less than two miles.
Photographer Jim Grover looks back at the life of Maurice Dorfman, who ran a fashion shop in Clapham.
The Platinum Jubilee event includes an imposing sculpture highlighting salmon conservation on the River Dee.
Margaret Davidson was bringing up a young family in the Falklands when war broke out 40 years ago.
Qatar has used thousands of foreign workers to build its World Cup facilities. Many may have died.
The World Cup draw for Qatar 2022 has been done - so what are the highlights?
Immensa Labs, in Wolverhampton, is estimated to have sent out 43,000 false negative test results.
Some farmers say studies suggest Paraquat could be a factor in the onset of Parkinson's Disease.
The European Union is investing billions of euros in developing a world-beating chip industry.
A photo series profiles people who have shot to fame in one of China's fastest growing industries.
England's Women's World Cup final against Australia on Sunday will be made available on free to air by Sky Sports with commentary on BBC Radio 5 live.
West Ham manager David Moyes says England midfielder Declan Rice will not be sold for less than £150m - and is worth "north" of that figure.
Ross Moriarty suffers a serious looking injury as Dragons fell to a second successive defeat in South Africa on a difficult night against Sharks.
The Football Association's planning for the FA Cup semi-finals is "one of the most ridiculous stories I ever heard", says Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp.
BBC Sport provides a day-by-day guide to who is playing when in the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he is intrigued by the fixtures in Group B of the Fifa World Cup which sees his side face the USA, Iran and one of Wales, Scotland or Ukraine.
Before the 2022 World Cup draw, BBC Sport relives 10 defining goals from the 2018 tournament - featuring stunning strikes from Lionel Messi, Kylian Mbappe and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Three households facing a rise in energy costs tell the BBC how they will make it work.
UK inflation is rising at its fastest rate for 30 years and some predict it could go even higher.
As a new price cap takes effect, causing energy bills to soar, we answer your questions.
The soaring cost of living is affecting millions of people in the UK. These five charts explain why.
Personal finance expert Martin Lewis calls for government intervention to tackle the cost of living.
About two million workers will benefit from the increase in minimum wage rates on 1 April.
Daniel Cooke, a construction site manager from Somerset, has taken a second job to pay rising energy bills.
Four experts share practical ways to protect your finances and soften the blow of rising bills.
A reporter entering Bucha, near Kyiv, counts at least 20 bodies of men, one with his hands tied.
A section of the M20 is turned into a lorry park as motorists face tailbacks around Dover.
A lack of staff and surging demand are blamed for long baggage queues for arrivals.
Party sources say three allegations of sexual harassment against David Warburton are being investigated.
UK PM praises Ukraine's armed forces and updates Ukraine's president over military donor conference.
Climate change protesters prevent road access and reveal an underground network of tunnels.
A millionaire says money paid to Prince Andrew was falsely described as a gift for his daughter Beatrice.
An eye witness describes seeing the pilot's parachute opening, before the aircraft nose-dived.
The driver was injured after a brick was thrown at his train while it was travelling at 70mph.
Hundreds of businesses are destroyed in the main market of Hargeisa in an overnight blaze.
A P-28 plane goes missing on a journey from Wellesbourne, Warwickshire, to Le Touquet, France.
Israel says the militants were killed by troops trying to stop them from carrying out an attack.
England will attempt to win a second successive Women's World Cup when they face Australia in Sunday's final.
The 331st Guards Parachute Regiment based in Kostroma, Russia, has lost many soldiers in Ukraine.
Masyanya is a YouTube cartoon star in Russia, but her episode on the Ukraine war has been banned.
For the first time since 2010, Hungary's prime minister faces a real fight for election victory.
EastEnders' Letitia Dean, who plays Sharon, is kept warm by a chivalrous Prince Charles on Albert Square.
Scientists say more could have been done to make lateral flow tests widely recyclable.
Premier League referee Mike Dean tells BBC Sport’s Mark Chapman of his love for football and reflects on "22 years at the top" as he prepares to retire at the end of the season.
Challenges to books about sexual and racial identity have been common in US schools in the past. But the politicisation around them is new.
BBC Breakfast host Naga Munchetty finds co-host Charlie Stayt's paper review highly amusing.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Saturday's front pages focus on the record high number of Covid infections and a court case naming the Duke of York.
Has the film star's on-stage slap done permanent damage to his image and career?
Margaret Davidson was bringing up a young family in the Falklands when war broke out 40 years ago.
Why are so many people still living with long Covid after two years and are there any hopes for treatment?
Kate Cross and Amy Jones had to watch from the stands when England won the 2017 World Cup. Now they are set to play in Sunday's final.
'I’m not done in Shrewsbury yet', says Michael Buchanan, who first investigated the NHS scandal.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
As the contest at the top of the Premier League intensifies, will next weekend's Manchester City-Liverpool match ultimately determine the title?
Christian Eriksen provides the quality, stature and self-belief to inspire Brentford to a well-deserved first win at Chelsea since 1939, Phil McNulty writes.
Another underwhelming result leaves Manchester United adrift in the race for the Champions League, so thoughts will turn to who will take charge in the summer.
Cycling's world governing body has the power to prevent transgender cyclist Emily Bridges from competing in women's events, even if she meets their eligibility criteria.
WBO middleweight champion Savannah Marshall sensationally knocked out Femke Hermans to set up an undisputed match with long-term rival Claressa Shields later this year.
Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel says his side were "punished" after Brentford scored four second-half goals to win 4-1 at Stamford Bridge.
A BBC team witnesses utter devastation in the town of Bucha, after Russian soldiers pulled out.
Boris Johnson says scenes in Irpin and Bucha are "yet more evidence" of war crimes in Ukraine.
Ten are also injured after the shooting early on Sunday in California's state capital.
The airline cancels scores of flights as UK airports also struggle with high levels of staff sickness.
Sources say three allegations of sexual harassment against David Warburton are being investigated.
All 26 ministers submitted letters of resignation, except PM Rajapaksa and his brother the president.
The member of the backroom team had to have stitches in his head following the incident during Sunday's match.
Protests at several sites around the Midlands and south of England enter a third day.
Grant Shapps says the policy is "not a route we want to go down" despite pressure on supplies.
The prince recalled his Falklands War experience in a now deleted post on his ex-wife’s Instagram.
The prince - who is the king's half-brother - was last year accused of conspiring to destabilise the crown.
As well her iconic role as George Costanza's mother, Harris was the voice of Toy Story's Mrs Potato Head.
A spokesman for Ukraine's President Zelensky describes the discovery of mass graves.
The discovery of bodies scattered along a street in a Ukrainian town has sparked horror.
The father of 31-year-old Maksim Iovenko describes how his son and family ended up on a deadly stretch of highway outside Kyiv.
The mother of five-year-old twin boys describes how she tried to protect as their house was bombed.
Smoke is seen after explosions are heard in the strategic southern port city of Odesa on the Black Sea coast.
Nadiia Chaichenko and her family fled their home in Kharkiv at the start of the war.
British-Zimbabwean student Korrine Sky documented her escape from Ukraine on her mobile phone.
What happened when US astronauts met USSR cosmonauts in space
Makers of oven chips, crisps, ready meals and cereal bars are racing to find alternatives.
Watch the best shots from Alyssa Healy's brilliant 170 from 138 balls against England in the Women's World Cup final in Christchurch, New Zealand.
Sunday's papers focus on a Conservative MP having the whip removed and the parole of Baby P's mother.
Everything you need to know about the ceremony - from who's playing to who's going to win.
A resident of conflict-hit Tigray gives a rare insight into life there after 17 months of war.
Employees say they feel liberated to enjoy quality leisure and family time.
Anna Shechtman is determined to make the crossword puzzle scene more diverse, but has also had to deal with her own anorexia.
Tottenham are rejuvenated under Antonio Conte and moved into the top four, leaving Harry Kane a dilemma about whether to stay or go at the end of the season.
Australia underline their status as the premier international sports team on the planet by outclassing England to win the Women's World Cup.
Who has transformed his team's season? Who showed he is the best striker of a dead ball in the country? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
England's crushing win over Italy shows the Red Roses' squad strength goes deeper than ever.
Aston Villa to make Phillips bid, Haaland set to decide on new club, Man Utd target Akanji wants to leave Dortmund, plus more.
Louis van Gaal, the former Manchester United manager, says he is battling prostate cancer.
The BBC sees further evidence of alleged atrocities in areas recently occupied by Russia.
The actress played Dot Cotton on the BBC One soap for more than 30 years.
The BBC is told the money made from selling the broadcaster will be reinvested in the TV industry.
At least 60 easyJet flights are to be scrapped on Tuesday due to a high level of staff absence.
Helen MacNamara apologises after she was fined for attending a leaving do for a civil servant during lockdown.
Sore throats, headaches and loss of appetite are now all officially recognised as signs of infection.
Charities react to the government's decision not to ban conversion therapy for trans people.
Logan Mwangi's body was found with 56 external injuries and severe damage to his abdominal area.
Police are still searching for other suspects in the worst US mass shooting of 2022 so far.
The 23-year-old became ill after she ate a sweet delivered in "child-friendly packaging".
Transgender people can be excluded from some spaces if "justified and proportionate", the EHRC says.
The BBC Breakfast host announces that he will be leaving the corporation to front 5 News.
If Russia has carried out war crimes in Ukraine how could Putin or his army generals be prosecuted?
Iryna Kostenko tells the BBC's Jeremy Bowen how Russian soldiers killed her 27-year-old son and took over her home.
New evidence of alleged Russian atrocities near Kyiv emerges on Day 40 of the Russian invasion.
Russia called footage of bodies in Bucha "staged" but its evidence for this does not stack up.
Counter-attacks by Ukrainian forces are successfully regaining territory as Russian forces refocus efforts on the east of the country.
Bucha, Irpin and more - this is where civilians' bodies have been found scattered around as Russian troops pulled out.
For those escaping besieged Mariupol, the suffering is far from over, especially for their children.
From almost kisses to near trophy misses, here's five of the best from Sunday's Grammys ceremony.
Amelia, famous for singing Let It Go in a bomb shelter, sang the Ukrainian national anthem in Aberystwyth.
Four women who shared viral videos of Ukraine before the war speak to the BBC about those memories.
'Much-loved' 85-year-old school crossing warden Beryl lays down her lollipop for the final time.
The Hollywood star is filming a short movie in Norfolk and is seen out and about in the local area.
The camera in Great Falls, Montana, captured the moment the bird peeked into its lens.
Scenes of swells washing over Australia's most famous beach and its promenade have stunned locals.
BBC children's show Newsround celebrates five decades of bulletins.
Across Africa, extreme Christianity is threatening the faith of many.
North Devon is named a World Surfing Reserve alongside Malibu and Santa Cruz in California.
Dancer Mansiya VP, born a Muslim, says art has no religion after a temple refused to let her perform.
As the EastEnders legend says she has left Walford for good, look back at her most memorable moments.
A government strategy is expected to contain plans to expand nuclear and offshore wind power.
Women have few options in Texas, since the passing of one of the strictest abortion laws in the US.
People with Covid across the UK are no longer legally required to self-isolate, but it is recommended.
EU hearts will sink as "illiberal democrat" Viktor Orban wins another term, Katya Adler writes.
Donald Trump's social media platform was supposed to be "fully operational" by the end of March.
The controversial process of cloning your dog or cat is growing more popular, despite its high cost.
Voters are choosing councillors in England, Scotland and Wales, and a government in Northern Ireland.
As TikTok continues to shape the music industry, singers discuss the app's impact on their careers.
Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta apologises for his side's performance as they are well beaten by Crystal Palace and accepts it is not good enough for a club like the Gunners.
Former striker Wayne Rooney says Manchester United "can't afford to fail again" when it comes to appointing the club's next permanent manager.
Referee Mike Dean will retire after 22 years at the end of the season. He tells Football Focus about the memorable moments of his career - good and bad.
Australia are not likely to get worse after winning the Women's World Cup. England must get better to match them, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Ian Wright and Nedum Onuoha debate whether Sunday's clash between Manchester City v Liverpool will decide the outcome of the Premier League title race.
In new BBC documentary, Ellie Simmonds: A World Without Dwarfism, the Paralympic athlete explores a controversial new drug for children with achondroplasia.
Netherlands captain Virgil van Dijk says he wants to give coach Louis van Gaal "a World Cup to never forget" in Qatar later this year.
Teenager's account adds to growing evidence of atrocities allegedly committed by Russian soldiers in Bucha.
Over 100 LGBT+ groups had vowed to boycott the "Safe To Be Me" event over the government's stance on conversion therapy.
Can Arslan had terrorised his neighbours for 12 years before he stabbed Matthew Boorman 27 times.
Managing director Karen Smart is to leave, amid criticism of management over long security queues.
The UK, US, and Australia are to begin research focused on how to defend against the super-fast weapons.
Senior Tories are calling for an end to the ban on shale gas extraction to help secure energy supplies.
Richard Woodcock had gone to help a two-year-old neighbour who was in trouble, an inquest hears.
Kirstie Allsopp and Matt Lucas voice concerns about a government plan to privatise the broadcaster.
He was awarded an MBE after raising funds used to create the British Normandy Memorial.
Virus-related absences are stabilising in England's state schools, despite rising cases in the UK.
The culture secretary says suppliers must do more to promote discounted rates to low-income homes.
The UN hears of alleged Russian atrocities as Moscow accuses Ukraine of staging the killings.
Russia called footage of bodies in Bucha 'staged' but its evidence for this does not stack up.
Revelations of atrocities have added impetus to calls for further measures against Russia's economy.
A BBC crew follows an ambulance team as medics evacuate 12 children from the city of Sumy.
The BBC sees further evidence of alleged atrocities in areas recently occupied by Russia.
If Russia has carried out war crimes in Ukraine how could Putin or his army generals be prosecuted?
Counter-attacks by Ukrainian forces are successfully regaining territory as Russian forces refocus efforts on the east of the country.
Two books owned by Charles Darwin are left outside Cambridge University library in a pink gift bag.
Tasks also include counting penguins and general maintenance, though they will not have running water.
The critically endangered Sumatran rhino gave birth to a female calf in an Indonesian sanctuary.
The Environment Agency is teaming up with school pupils to help tackle problem flooding in the UK.
Emily, from Nottingham, received the tattoos following surgery for breast cancer.
Lego enthusiast Andrey Sigorov, 11, was forced to leave his collection behind when he came to Ireland.
The runner up of series seven of Big Brother says he has swapped reality TV for the church.
The Wagner Group is a shadowy Russian mercenary organisation which has been active across the world.
What difference could selling the channel to a private owner make for viewers, and who might buy it?
The Tesla founder has become the social network's biggest single shareholder, and a board member.
What are the new Covid symptoms, and when should I stay at home?
The government is set to increase wind power, but the cabinet is split on whether to back onshore wind farms
Most waiters at one Kenyan café are deaf, so customers use sign language, mimes or gestures.
Increasingly sophisticated tech tells us more than ever about our food's journey from farm to fork.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
As the EastEnders legend says she has left Walford for good, look back at her most memorable moments.
June Brown played one of EastEnders best loved characters, Dot Cotton.
A government strategy is expected to contain plans to expand nuclear and offshore wind power.
Kevin de Bruyne's second-half goal gives Manchester City a narrow victory over Atletico Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Liverpool will take a two-goal lead into the Champions League quarter-final second leg after earning victory over Benfica in Lisbon.
Five-time Masters champion Tiger Woods says "as of right now I am going to play", adding that he will play nine more practice holes on Wednesday.
Arsenal defender Leah Williamson is named England captain for this summer's European Championship.
Five-time Masters champion Tiger Woods believes he is capable of winning at Augusta just 14 months after suffering life-threatening injuries in a car crash.
Russia's football federation drops an appeal against Fifa's World Cup ban that was imposed after the country's invasion of Ukraine.
The US sanctions' list includes Putin's adult daughters and relatives of Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
Further sanctions against oligarchs and an end to imports of Russian coal and gas are announced by UK.
David Ballantyne Smith, 57, is charged with nine offences under the Official Secrets Act.
The prime minister says it is fair for some to face an extra tax burden to pay for health and social care.
The singer says pop stars are easy targets in what has become a "really damaging" culture in music.
A letter states a review into failing maternity services in Nottingham is moving like treacle.
A father who died with his son in the Australian mountains is named as lawyer Mehraab Nazir.
The firm hopes to get its Pride of Kent and Spirit of Britain ships back in action, subject to inspection.
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson says he does not believe transgender women should compete in female sporting events.
Different chocolate egg products have been recalled over a link to UK cases of salmonella in children.
The most far-reaching change in divorce laws in decades comes into force.
A man is arrested after a woman became worried for her safety and rang police covertly.
Matt Le Tissier says he has "stepped aside" from his role as ambassador at former club Southampton.
Borodyanka's residents say Russian forces stopped them from digging for survivors amidst town's destruction.
Russia continues to withdraw troops from the north of Ukraine as it shifts its focus to capturing more territory in the east.
A family tells the BBC how Oleg Abramov, a welder in Bucha, was shot dead outside his home.
President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelensky has thanked the people of Ireland for supporting his country.
A Ukrainian man has to choose between his family and his country.
Gina and Craig Dewdney reflect on the "best but hardest job" as their three boys turn one.
Chris Parry was a lieutenant in 1982 when his crew spotted an Argentine submarine.
Handwritten lyrics by Joy Division's Ian Curtis and Granada TV's entire archive are among the items.
A local TV producer was stunned to recognise this boy in footage from outside a school 50 years ago.
CCTV shows the gang reversing a van into shutters at Dynamite Terrace Menswear in Barnsley.
A festival organised by a London council to encourage vaccination saw just 435 people getting jabbed.
A blanket and trinket box are among items up for auction close to where the ship was built in Belfast.
Margaret Griffiths, a retired headteacher, keeps her mind sharp by learning something new every day
The drawing was commissioned to remember veterans on the 40th anniversary of the war.
People with brain injuries in Belfast are rediscovering their love of cycling.
The former president can't help ribbing his old deputy on a "good old days" jaunt to the White House.
Zlata Filipovic was amongst the Bosnian children who witnessed the atrocities in Sarajevo 30 years ago.
Guitarist Moss Hills helped evacuate a sinking cruise liner after some of the crew jumped ship
A new health and social care tax is being introduced, with further changes in July.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
German police say illegal sales on the site amounted to at least £1bn a year
Post-election the country's next leader must decide whether to re-invest in heavy industry, or not.
Growing numbers of South Koreans suffer from sleep deprivation, with many turning to sleeping pills.
Namit Malhotra started his company from a garage in Mumbai. Now it's winning Academy Awards.
Brazil has one of the world's largest black populations but black people only hold 6% of managerial posts.
As Real Madrid prepare to meet Chelsea in the first leg of the Champions League quarter-final at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, is boss Carlo Ancelotti still in serious danger of being fired?
England's opening group game against Iran in the 2022 World Cup will be shown live on the BBC.
Welsh athlete Osian Jones - who has been to two Commonwealth Games - tells the BBC's LGBT Sport Podcast why he is ready to speak publicly about his sexuality for the first time.
In 1987 Larry Mize won the Masters in a thrilling play-off, chipping in at the 11th to deny Greg Norman, a shot that would change his life forever.
Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy are two of the headliners as the world's best golfers prepare to start the 86th Masters at Augusta National on Thursday.
The government wants to boost UK energy production and independence as household bills soar.
Lung and leg clots were much more likely in seriously ill patients, but mild cases can be affected.
A spokeswoman for Akshata Murty says she pays all the UK taxes that are legally required.
Sellers are boosting ratings of electronics with reviews for completely different products, Which? finds.
The US sanctions' list includes Putin's adult daughters and relatives of Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
Further sanctions against oligarchs and an end to imports of Russian coal and gas are announced by UK.
Baroness McIntosh wants a specific offence for using a mobile phone while on a bike, e-bike or scooter.
A new guide for teachers says a fresh approach would make the subject attractive to more young people.
A former captive tells a US court that notorious IS jihadist cell terrorised their hostages.
Prosecutors say there is insufficient evidence for criminal charges in fatal shooting of Amir Locke.
Captain George Bromley will walk, kayak and swim in a straight line from Lands End to John O'Groats.
The communities secretary calls in a council's decision to approve Luton Airport's expansion plan.
As Russia redirects its attack towards Luhansk, Ukraine's most experienced troops face encirclement.
Officials and Russian media have started pinning the murders of civilians on Kyiv in ominous rhetoric.
Successes in the fight against Russia don't mean imminent victory for Ukrainians.
The UN says more than 10 million people have now fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Wealthy Russians sanctioned by the US, EU and UK are having to find places they can keep their assets safe.
The Russian president says he has daughters, but has given little information about them.
Several papers focus on fresh sanctions targeting Moscow, including Vladimir Putin's adult daughters.
Watch Scott Morrison get confronted by a man who angrily accuses him of failing Australians on pensions.
Kalush Orchestra are the bookies’ favourites to win the competition in Turin next month.
The pair of notes from girls looking for love were discovered yards from where they were launched.
Marine Peter Robinson was photographed holding the Union Jack in the final hours of the conflict.
Max the Miracle Dog became an internet star with people around the world watching his daily walks.
A farm near Swindon is celebrating the arrival of two rare sets of quintuplet lambs.
The Duchess of Cornwall saw the shirt worn by Colin Firth in Pride and Prejudice on her visit.
Helmut Sonneberg is a Holocaust survivor who for years did not speak of its horrors. His football club encouraged him to bear witness.
Nuclear power is being promoted as a source of 'clean' energy, but is it safe?
As a number of clubs stop printing programmes some say their future is in doubt.
Hit titles go up against games made by four people during the pandemic "because they were bored".
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
The Grammy-award winner speaks to the BBC about the joy of his win and desire to never be pigeon-holed.
Brazil has one of the largest black and mixed race populations but black people only hold 6% of managerial posts.
Chelsea have a habit of snatching successes in the face of adversity but is a Champions League turnaround against Real Madrid beyond them?
Burnley earn a vital win over relegation rivals Everton thanks to Maxwel Cornet's late goal.
Former Scotland and British and Irish Lions prop Tom Smith dies aged 50.
Manchester United are edging closer to appointing Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag as their new manager.
Security guards in Qatar working on projects that include some linked to the 2022 World Cup have been subjected to conditions "which amount to forced labour," claims Amnesty.
In 1991 Ian Woosnam continued the line of British champions at the Masters by winning on 11 under par. Here he describes how he played the final hole.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called the Russian casualty rate a "huge tragedy" for the country.
It has emerged Akshata Murty pays £30,000 a year for her non-dom status.
Last-minute cancellations and delays could damage consumer confidence, says the aviation watchdog.
Researchers rejuvenate a 53-year-old woman's skin by decades, but clinical applications are a way off.
The singer tells the BBC he now films his song-writing sessions due to concerns about plagiarism claims.
The advice is contained in updated guidelines to help reduce the risks of specific health conditions.
Canada is facing some of the most severe housing affordability issues in the world.
Five things you need to know about the coronavirus pandemic this Friday morning.
Charities say women are not getting the psychological help they need after losing their babies.
Ffion Morgan accidentally returned one of her belongings to Asos - but does not know what it is.
He was found after a huge manhunt following an attack on a bar which killed two people, police say.
Returnal, which revolves around an astronaut who crash lands on an alien planet, is named best game.
The female fox was euthanised and her three kits were also put down due to possible exposure.
The BBC visits Yahidne village, where residents packed in a basement lived alongside corpses for days.
A video has emerged which purports to show Ukrainian forces shooting a captive Russian soldier.
There is talk of genocide in Ukraine - but where is the line, and has it been crossed?
Intercepted audio appears to show Russians talking about shooting town residents, Der Spiegel says.
Villagers say 150 people were rounded up to protect Russians as the Ukrainian forces advanced.
The BBC visits a Ukrainian village, where residents in a basement lived alongside corpses for days.
The UN says more than 10 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
After withdrawing troops from the north of Ukraine, Russian shifts its focus to capturing more territory in the east.
Several newspapers report on questions over the non-dom tax status of Chancellor Rishi Sunak's wife.
Runners, riders, trainers and form - all the key details you need to know for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
While tornados may not be mentioned in UK weather forecasts, Wales does experience the phenomenon.
Pupils at Rossall School in Fleetwood have refurbished a house in its grounds for the refugees.
Ashanti's mum says she bought a fake star for her daughter 20 years ago, as R&B star gets real deal.
Sudden and sharp frosts in France this week are threatening this year's vintage.
Zookeepers caught on camera the moment the dusky pademelon first peeked out of its mum's pouch.
Residents say the geese were "loved by all," as they are removed for aggressive behaviour.
Scientists find a sub-atomic particle's mass is at odds with one a theory underpinning modern physics.
Daniel Lewis, 17, is inspiring other young people to tackle the problem in his home town.
Foreign travel has got off to a bumpy start since Covid restrictions ended, but what is causing it?
What can you expect if you have Covid, and when should you get extra help?
Your introduction to the local council elections taking place on 5 May.
Emmanuel Macron is now looking over his shoulder before the first round of the presidential race.
Health authorities in Scotland and England are looking into 71 unusual cases of the illness.
Queer Parivaar explores love, sexuality and gender identity among South Asian families.
When Ninon Ferguson offered to donate an organ to someone at work, he thought she was joking.
The country's varied and complex cuisine celebrates meat just as much as vegetables.
The new energy strategy will not help bills or carbon emissions in the short run, critics say.
Tiger Woods shoots a one-under-par 71 on his Masters comeback as the five-time champion is welcomed back to competitive golf amid celebratory scenes at Augusta.
Ten-man West Ham produce a dogged rearguard display to hold Lyon in their Europa League quarter-final first leg.
Manchester City and Liverpool are involved in another epic title battle - we look at the small differences that might help separate them at the end of the season.
Watch the best shots from an entertaining first day of the Masters at Augusta as Tiger Woods is the headline attraction with his remarkable return to top-level golf.
He's an X Games record holder, good friends with Tony Hawk, and now Andy Macdonald wants to skateboard at the Paris 2024 Olympics - when he will be 50.
Staff at the former nuclear plant tell the BBC they were forced to negotiate when Russian forces took over.
Akshata Murty has previously not paid UK tax on shares worth £700m in an Indian tech company.
Pakistan's prime minister warns that if he is ousted, he won't recognise an opposition government.
Scores of flights have been cancelled and ferry operators are struggling to meet demand.
Vaccines and treatments have helped many in the UK but Isabel, 11, is among those still at risk.
The French president made the comments following criticism over his talks with Vladimir Putin.
The Academy voted on Friday to sanction Smith after he slapped Chris Rock at the awards show.
The Chinese leader's comments come as infections rise and residents complain of food shortages.
Two women are facing steep fines for allegedly biting crew members and passengers on domestic flights.
Trailblazing rider Rachael Blackmore, the first female jockey to triumph, is on 2021 victor Minella Times again in Saturday's big race at Aintree.
Dozens of suspected cases have been reported in countries including the UK, Germany, France and Belgium.
Tiger Woods is unable to match the standard he set on his comeback but makes the cut as world number one Scottie Scheffler takes a commanding halfway lead at the Masters.
Weather investigators visit the site in north Wales where property and trees were damaged this week.
If the past is anything to go by, the world will struggle to unite for Ukraine - says Fergal Keane.
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen takes stock of the war and its significance for the world.
Viktoria describes how her daughter and husband were killed in front of her while escaping Russian forces.
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen takes stock of the war, and Pink Floyd air their first new track in decades.
Survivors from the besieged city say they wondered at times if the rest of Ukraine had fallen.
Some 50 people are said to have been killed in Kramatorsk, Ukraine and Russia are blaming each other.
The band's first new material in 28 years was inspired by David Gilmour's "anger" over the war.
Many papers lead with news the chancellor's wife will pay UK taxes amid a row over her nom-dom status.
A group of young musicians from Kharkiv and Odesa have found new homes in Denmark.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
The 75-year-old Scottish actor says he seems to be possessed by TV character Logan Roy's bad language.
The craft of making pointe shoes for ballet dancers has recently been put on the heritage craft red list.
Host Joanne Turner and refugee Iryna fear it may be weeks before her family can come to the UK.
The Grand National meeting's second day sees the return of colourful couture and fabulous fashion.
Commemoration to children who died at an indigenous school in Canada captured in 'searing image'.
Millions are having to endure daily power cuts and queue for hours to get basics like cooking gas and diesel.
Colin Howard, who created classic Doctor Who artwork, reflects on his work and coping with MS.
Several newspapers report on questions over the non-dom tax status of Chancellor Rishi Sunak's wife.
The Netflix hit's season two throws in several Indian tropes but fails at being authentic.
The chancellor's ratings are slumping, with colleagues questioning his chances of becoming PM.
Kenya's James Kagambi is the oldest in a group out to inspire black people to take up mountaineering.
Activists from the Cambodian environmental group Mother Nature are increasingly being targeted.
My new passport means I can vote for the first time in years - it's never been as important as now.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Every part of the cost of the daily staple is rising - flour, electricity, gas and wages.
Why one art lover spent £70,000 on a public toilet transformation that was far from bog standard.
Black female law students celebrate a historic confirmation to the US Supreme Court.
Surging home prices have created a spiralling cost of living crisis in the US.
Koci Selamaj attacked Sabina Nessa after the abusive marriage he relied on to stay in the UK ended.
Health authorities in Scotland and England are looking into 71 unusual cases of the illness.
Chris Wood scores a crucial penalty to help Newcastle land a huge win over Wolves in their bid to stay in the Premier League.
Runners, riders, trainers and form - all the key details you need to know for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
BBC Sport looks back at the Premier League rivalry between Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola as Manchester City and Liverpool face each other in a crucial match this weekend.
Northern Ireland's hopes of qualifying for the 2023 World Cup take a severe blow with a 3-1 defeat by Austria in Wiener Neustadt.
After scoring four goals against North Macedonia, is Beth Mead making herself undroppable for England?
Watch the best shots from day two of the Masters in Augusta as Scottie Scheffler sets a blistering pace and Ireland's Shane Lowry shows off some magic.
National elections in Northern Ireland and local elections in the rest of the UK happen on 5 May 2022.
Akshata Murty will pay UK taxes on all her overseas income after a row over her non-domicile status.
The former cricket star loses a no-confidence vote 13 hours after his party tried to delay it.
They say deliveries of produce such as meat are losing quality and value amid long waits at the port.
Chelsea, from Nottingham, experienced low mood, anxiety and self-harm.
Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo apologises after video emerges appearing to show him breaking a fan's phone after his side's defeat at Everton on Saturday.
The opening round of the French presidential race could become a cliffhanger for Emmanuel Macron.
Henry Patterson wrote 85 novels, including the WW2 thriller penned under the pseudonym Jack Higgins.
President Putin's former chief economic advisor told the BBC that Western countries could stop the war.
The PM offers Ukraine 120 armoured vehicles during a visit No 10 calls a "show of solidarity" .
Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced the date after seeing the Governor General in Canberra.
More than 3,000 personnel took part in the Nato deployment in Norway in temperatures as low as -30C.
Danielle endures frequent name-calling, stares and people trying to take photos of her.
Artillery may decide the key battles looming in Donetsk and Luhansk, say military analysts.
How exactly could this conflict escalate into a wider pan-European conflict that drags in Nato?
Analysis of three attacks in the city of Chernihiv may offer clues about Putin's tactics in Ukraine.
The people of Krematorsk are coming to terms with a strike on a train station that killed more than 50.
Leading several of Sunday's front pages is Boris Johnson's surprise trip to Ukraine's capital.
Saniya Mistri's powerful rap songs call out the glaring inequalities in her city, Mumbai.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
A power socket that helps you save electricity and tells you if it's from renewable sources.
Toddler Veronika had to leave her doll in Ukraine but found the same one in a charity warehouse.
The fire service says they will work with police to investigate the fire at We The Curious in Bristol.
Ilkley in West Yorkshire has been named top town by the Sunday Times - but what makes it so great?
The 75-year-old Scottish actor says he seems to be possessed by TV character Logan Roy's bad language.
How the first South Asians who moved to Britain coped far away from their homeland.
Taxes and bills are rising, so how do small businesses - already hit by Covid - think they'll cope?
The smallest town in England hopes to inspire others by banning plastics and protecting its river.
Grand National-winning jockey Sam Waley-Cohen pays tribute to his brother after 'fantasy' triumph in his last-ever ride.
Voters in France will go to the polls on 10 April to elect a new president.
A national hero from his cricketing days, Mr Khan has now fallen out with the powerful military.
American Scottie Scheffler remains in a good position to win his first major at the Masters, but sees his lead reduced late in Saturday's third round.
The best two teams in England are preparing to meet on Sunday with just one point separating leaders Manchester City and second-placed Liverpool with eight games to go.
Manager Ralf Rangnick says Manchester United "do not deserve" to play in the Champions League next season based on their performance in the defeat at Everton.
Leaderboard heavyweights Scottie Scheffler, Cameron Smith and Charl Schwartzel all feature in the best shots of day three at the 2022 Masters at Augusta.
Tee-times for round four of the Masters at Augusta National with Scottie Scheffler leading from Cameron Smith.
Welsh teenager Liam Davies' hopes of a debut World Championship appearance are over after he narrowly loses to Jordan Brown in qualifying.
Emmanuel Macron wins the first round, but the run-off against his far-right rival may be far closer.
Chancellor asks PM's independent adviser to examine his ministerial declarations, saying he's followed the rules.
The monarch speaks about her experience with the virus during a virtual hospital visit.
Imran Khan's main rival Shahbaz Sharif -the brother of a former PM - is expected to be the new leader.
The Tesla boss was due to join the social media platform's board after buying a 9.2% stake in the firm.
Jessie Buckley and Eddie Redmayne were among the winners at Sunday's theatre awards ceremony.
An increase of 3.1% comes into force but prices are rising faster, leading to warnings from charities.
Ministers want to stop some councils in England charging for the disposal of materials.
The firm has written to the government and says it can demonstrate fracking is safe and secure.
The actress says "theatre should remain accessible" to vulnerable people, as she wins an Olivier Award.
World number one Scottie Scheffler cements his place at the top of the men's game by winning the 2022 Masters and clinching his first major title.
Nearly 2,500 barristers essential to the criminal justice system will start industrial action.
Emergency services were called to Kinghorn Beach in Fife after he got into difficulty in the water.
Monday's papers cover the latest developments on the chancellor and the French presidential elections.
Jason Manford's references to the Oscars slap were among several memorable moments at the ceremony.
Argentina's president has said he will keep fighting for control of the islands, also known as the Malvinas.
Jake Sawyers says creating his alter-ego Venetia Blind is "all about problem solving".
A single mother working for the NHS says rising prices mean she is struggling to pay for food.
With a squeeze on household budgets, how are Londoners saving money?
Grand National-winning jockey Sam Waley-Cohen pays tribute to his brother after 'fantasy' triumph in his last-ever ride.
In what experts call Somalia's worst drought in a decade, children are facing severe malnutrition.
Emmanuel Macron will face a run-off against Marine Le Pen, in what is far from a done deal.
Emma tracked down the girl whose picture was in the home of a music teacher who abused her as a teenager.
You can now get a payment chip injected beneath your skin, turning you into a human bank card.
Nick Bryant sees an election campaign that will be defined, to a large part, by what it lacks.
Sri Lanka's worst economic crisis in 70 years has prompted mass protests against the government.
More bodybuilders are taking drugs knowing the damage they can do to their bodies, an academic says.
Match of the Day 2's Alan Shearer analyses the key incidents from Manchester City v Liverpool, a game he describes as "a joy to watch".
Premier League's top two play out pulsating draw at Etihad Stadium to keep the title race on a knife edge.
Charles Leclerc is looking every inch a world champion-in-waiting after his second win of 2022, so what can Red Bull and Mercedes do to catch him?
Premier League title rivalries have often been hostile affairs but Manchester City and Liverpool's battle is underpinned with respect.
Ireland pick up their first victory of the Women's Six Nations with a bonus-point 29-8 win over Italy.
Rory McIlroy says his chip in on the 18th to equal the lowest final-round score in Masters history "is as happy as he has ever been on a golf course".
As Russian forces retreat to eastern Ukraine, Andriivka and other abandoned villages are left devastated.
Ajay Spence quit his life in Belfast to help defend Kyiv - now he is being redeployed to east Ukraine.
Posts praising the Russian leader are being viewed by millions on the social network.
The people of Kramatorsk are coming to terms with a strike on a train station that killed more than 50.
The BBC has uncovered first-hand evidence of Russian soldiers raping and killing civilians in a village west of Kyiv.
Leaked documents show how sanctioned oligarch Suleiman Kerimov used shell companies to move $700m.
Crispin Blunt said Imran Ahmad Khan MP's conviction for sexual assault was a 'miscarriage of justice'.
A deal is being struck to make them freely available to patients in England at an affordable cost to the NHS.
The singer, 40, also says she has previously suffered perinatal depression.
Sales growth in March slowed due to people tightening their personal budgets, new figures show.
MPs say there is little belief the government will reverse the "shocking" collapse in prosecutions.
Texas authorities had said a woman, 26, caused “the death of an individual by self-induced abortion”.
The riot squad was clearing an area for a curfew following protests over George Floyd's murder.
Tropical storm Megi is the first storm to hit the nation this year, causing floods and mudslides.
The FIA - motorsport's governing body - is investigating after a 15-year-old Russian karting champion appeared to make a Nazi salute on a podium.
Marina Ovsyannikova staged an anti-war protest on a live broadcast of Russian state TV last month.
Alice Walker, now 67, scores a perfect 14 out of 14 on her specialist subject, the Peak District.
Russia warns two Nordic nations against Nato membership, and the Austrian chancellor meets Putin in Moscow.
Sasha Makoviy wrote her daughter's name on her skin in case her family were killed fleeing Kyiv.
Sisters Lesia and Galya lost touch with their parents, who did not want to flee their hometown, Bucha.
Nato faces one of the biggest challenges in its history with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Ukraine's president tells CBS' 60 Minutes he isn't ready to give away his country in return for peace.
Artillery may decide the key battles looming in Donetsk and Luhansk, say military analysts.
Fears that Russian forces will soon take the city of Mariupol and staff shortages at UK airports lead the papers.
Depp has sued his ex-wife for an op-ed she wrote about being a domestic abuse victim. She counter-sued.
Anna Horodetska fled to India from Kyiv, with just a couple of T-shirts and a coffee machine.
The winners of the 2022 Sony World Photography Awards have been announced.
Phoenix Mercury centre Brittney Griner has reportedly been detained in Russia since February.
Beau Greaves prophesied her WDF world title win five years ago when she was just 13 years old.
Jason Manford's references to the Oscars slap were among several memorable moments at the ceremony.
Jake Sawyers says creating his alter-ego Venetia Blind is "all about problem solving".
While the world focuses on Ukraine, the UN warns humanitarian needs elsewhere are also growing.
Shanghai is under strict lockdown, in contrast to the relatively relaxed approach it previously took to the pandemic.
A lawsuit says US firearms manufacturers are responsible for the "flood" of illegal guns into Mexico.
India's 30 streaming services want to reach 60 million households meaning a lot more work for actors.
Saoirse-Monica Jackson chats to Radio 1 Newsbeat ahead of the third and final series of Derry Girls.
Ali Harbi Ali - convicted of the murder of Sir David Amess - is a textbook study of radicalisation.
The group of men worked in broad daylight, chipping away at the remains of the bridge in Bihar's Sasaram.
A jail sentence doesn't necessarily mean an MP will lose their job - so what has to happen first?
BBC Sport golf correspondent Iain Carter looks back at the 86th Masters at Augusta when Scottie beamed, Rory roared and we could marvel at another extraordinary Tiger feat.
Northern Ireland captain Marissa Callaghan says the Women's World Cup qualifier with England is likely to be "emotional".
Watch Miami Marlins' Jazz Chisholm Jr take a stunning one-handed catch in their 3-2 defeat by the San Francisco Giants in the MLB.
Former Real Madrid midfielder Freddy Rincon is in a critical condition with severe head injuries suffered in a car crash in Cali, Colombia.
Atletico Madrid must close part of their stadium for Wednesday's Champions League quarter-final second leg against Manchester City, Uefa rules.
Sailor Eya Guezguez, Tunisia's youngest competitor at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, dies aged 17 after a training accident on Sunday.
Huddersfield Town move into third in the Championship as they overcome fellow play-off chasers Luton Town.
The PM and chancellor apologise for attending a party in lockdown, but pledge to stay in post.
Russia could be on the brink of fully capturing the city after a devastating, six-week assault.
Prices went up by 7% in the 12 months to March, as food, fuel and energy prices continued to climb.
New York police say Frank R James, 62, rented a U-Haul van that may be linked to the shooting.
One potential cause could be adenoviruses, but health experts are also looking at links to Covid-19.
The Spirit of Britain cannot sail until further inspection as concerns brew over Dover travel disruption.
Judge Stephen Leake fines a group of M25 activists but says their "voices are certainly heard".
A database used to investigate extremists had serious flaws when rolled out, a former police officer says.
Authorities say at least 53 people have been killed and the death toll is expected to rise.
Taiwanese firm Pegatron is latest manufacturer to halt operations because of the Shanghai lockdown.
Amber Heard "concocted a role as a victim", the former spouses' defamation trial is told.
Virgil Griffith was sentenced to five years and three months in prison by a court in New York.
Chelsea's reign as European champions comes to an agonising end despite beating Real Madrid on a night of high drama at the Bernabeu Stadium.
A fine issued to Boris Johnson over a lockdown party and signs that Russian forces are gathering in the Donbas lead the papers.
27-year-old Ludmyla Chyrkova struggled with her decision since leaving on the second day of the war.
Boris Johnson has been fined for attending a birthday party, thrown for him during a Covid lockdown.
The watch sat in a drawer for decades until its owner saw an edition of the BBC's Antiques Roadshow.
One venue's owners say they cannot host winter weddings, as their heating bills are too high.
Sadiq Khan won't intervene in plans to bulldoze the Art Deco building, despite environmental fears.
Heather Phillipson, who put a whipped cream sculpture on the Fourth Plinth, is among the nominees.
The prime minister and chancellor are in uncharted waters over fines for breaking lockdown laws.
Teachers are debating how best to tackle pornography and its impact on children - and staff.
Former academy player Alfie Cain has written a play on the impact of failing to become a footballer.
The number of reported rapes making it to court in England and Wales has continued to decline.
They once dressed "the blue men of the desert", but modern tastes and insecurity could spell their end.
A controversial facial recognition platform has been used more than 1,000 times by Ukrainian officials.
Mica has been working at HMP Portland in Dorset, which houses over 500 prisoners, for five years.
Thomas Tuchel says there are "no regrets" after holders Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid in a classic clash.
Northern Ireland's dreams of reaching the 2023 Women's World Cup are over after a 5-0 defeat by England at Windsor Park.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is surprised about captain Fernandinho's plans to leave the club in the summer.
Villarreal stun Bayern Munich to reach the Champions League semi-finals for the first time in 16 years with a 2-1 aggregate win.
Northern Ireland manager Kenny Shiels says "women are more emotional than men" when conceding goals in football.
Andrew McDonald replaces Justin Langer as head coach of Australia men's team after signing a four-year deal.
"They'll accuse Russia of anything," says the widow of a Russian soldier killed in Ukraine.
Viktor Medvedchuk, a Ukrainian tycoon who is accused of treason, was pictured in handcuffs.
There's mounting evidence that these weapons, which can cause heavy civilian casualties, are in use.
Ukrainian troops in the Donbas region are preparing for heavy strikes as Russia turns its focus to the east.
Troops head to the Donbas in preparation for fresh battle and Ukraine averts a cyber-attack on its energy grid
If Russia used non-conventional weapons in Mariupol, it would have crossed a red line with the West.
After withdrawing troops from the north of Ukraine, Russian shifts its focus to capturing more territory in the east.
Russia is thought to have lost more than 400 tanks in Ukraine during the current conflict.
The government's plan, set to be announced on Thursday, is criticised as "cruel" by a refugee charity.
Justice minister Lord David Wolfson criticises the "scale, context and nature" of breaches.
Nearly half of patients have to wait four hours or more before being treated and discharged in A&E.
"We got him," says New York mayor following massive manhunt in wake of the Brooklyn subway shooting.
The French cosmetics firm will keep its shops in Russia open but says it is "firmly committed" to Ukraine.
Former Real Madrid midfielder Freddy Rincon dies after suffering severe head injuries in a car crash.
KwaZulu-Natal authorities say the storm is one of the worst in South Africa's history.
An obligation for firms to take Covid precautions ends on Monday, the Welsh government announces.
The shooting of an apparently unarmed black man on 4 April in Michigan has led to protests.
The WHO chief says a fraction of the help given to Ukraine has been given to other humanitarian crises.
Under a new scheme, money will be available for work on flood-hit properties to prevent repeat damage.
It's 85 miles wide, which is larger than the US state of Rhode Island. And it's coming this way.
McMillan's is the third death of well-known bodybuilders in the US in the past year.
Ukraine says more than 6,000 such cases have already been opened - but Moscow denies the allegations.
There is talk of genocide in Ukraine - but where is the line, and has it been crossed?
After the discovery of the atrocities in Bucha, a massive operation to find the bodies began.
The US president takes the rare step of accusing a state of genocide, as Ukraine denies Mariupol's fall.
Russian troops and military equipment are massing along Ukraine's eastern border ahead of a renewed offensive in the Donbas region.
The family of Aiden Aslin says he told them his unit has no weapons left to fight with.
It comes after more than 50 people were killed in shelling of a train station in eastern Ukraine.
Viktor Medvedchuk, a Ukrainian tycoon who is accused of treason, was pictured in handcuffs.
Reports that Boris Johnson could face more fines over Partygate and plans for Channel migrants to be processed in Rwanda lead the papers.
How we verify social media posts from the war in Ukraine
New technology is helping rescue teams search for lost climbers on Britain's highest peaks.
Douglas Stuart reflects on growing up in a working class Glasgow family to winning the Booker Prize.
A new Timelord audio series starts this weekend - written by and starring transgender women.
Excitement overtakes the industry ahead of the superstars' wedding on Thursday.
Liverpool One displays outfits worn by Jodie Comer in her Bafta-winning role in Killing Eve.
Petrol, furniture, sunflower oil and milk are among the products increasing in price.
"Staggering" findings from studying 16 mammals - including humans - sheds light on why we age.
Scientists think they have now uncovered a mystery cause of this incurable disease.
Farmers say that if the war continues, they will only last for one more harvest before going bust.
Aleksander Lesun won Olympic gold for Russia at the 2016 Rio Games. In February he decided never to represent the country again.
President Bolsonaro says the invasion of Ukraine presents an opportunity to mine Amazon territories.
Millions of people who bought dogs during the pandemic are now returning to work.
"Eureka moment" sees baby Thea diagnosed with rare genetic condition and given a new chance at life.
Nepal relies heavily on neighbouring India for imports of almost all of its staples, including fuel.
As hate speech cases make headlines, experts say the problem isn't lack of laws but political will.
Teachers are discussing how best to tackle pornography and its impact on children - and staff.
UK inflation is rising at 7%, its fastest rate for 30 years, and some say it could go even higher.
Manchester City's Champions League victory over Atletico Madrid may have come at a cost, with Pep Guardiola admitting his side are "in big trouble" because of injuries.
Liverpool remain on course for an historic quadruple after a thrilling draw with Benfica secures a two-legged Champions League semi-final against Villarreal.
Allyson Felix, the most decorated female track and field Olympian of all time, will retire at the end of the season.
Hossein Vafaei will be the first Iranian player to compete at the World Championship after he wins a final-frame decider against Lei Peifan in the final round of qualifying.
Former Australia batter Marcus North pulls out of the running to be England's new managing director of men's cricket for family reasons.
Manchester City produce a mature and disciplined performance to hold off the challenge of Atletico Madrid and reach the Champions League semi-finals.
The warship sunk while being towed a day after it was reported damaged by fire or a Ukrainian missile strike.
Ukraine's leader tells the BBC that all European countries should have ended Russian energy imports.
The UK scheme to send some asylum seekers to live in Rwanda has been described by critics as "cruel".
The comments came just hours after the Tesla boss revealed a more than $40bn takeover offer for Twitter.
The royal couple stopped at Windsor to visit the monarch on their way to the Netherlands.
A psychotherapist tells the court of a volatile dynamic between the couple during therapy sessions.
An executive at one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges hits out at scammers who target the vulnerable.
El Shafee Elsheikh is the highest profile IS fighter to stand trial in the US.
Two junctions are reopening on Friday with more due to reopen overnight, National Highways says.
Crypto worth at least $615 million was stolen from players of popular online game Axie Infinity.
Colin Davis says he had "no recollection" of the occasion but "can't absolutely rule it out".
Charities say online predators increasingly live-stream, an area not covered by the bill.
West Ham will face Eintracht Frankfurt for a place in the Europa League final after securing their first European semi-final in 46 years with a stunning win in Lyon.
Russia claims the Moskva sank after an explosion of ammunition, but the ship is thought to have been hit by Ukrainian missiles
Clive Myrie visits the heavily fortified Situation Room - the HQ of the resistance against Russia's invasion.
The Russian Orthodox Church's war stance has prompted some Ukrainian priests and parishioners to cut ties.
Despite the war continuing, some Ukrainians are now going back to their homeland.
Russian sources claim Aiden Aslin has been captured in the besieged city of Mariupol.
Weeks after Russia's leader unleashed war on Ukraine, there is no sign yet of when it will end.
Russia's flagship Black Sea missile cruiser has sunk, while President Zelensky sits down with the BBC.
Russian troops and military equipment are massing along Ukraine's eastern border ahead of a renewed offensive in the Donbas region.
Reaction to plans to fly asylum seekers to Rwanda and news that Harry and Meghan were in the UK lead the papers.
Videos appearing to show people suffering in Shanghai's lockdown have gone viral, stretching censors.
Relatives remember their lost loved ones as a jihadist is found guilty of conspiring to murder hostages in Syria.
Videos of caimans and other wild animals in streets and houses are frequently surfacing in the city.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The council says it will encourage biodiversity and help it achieve net-zero carbon emissions.
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and beyond this week.
Ramadan, Passover and Easter are being marked at a time of growing Israeli-Palestinian bloodshed.
KwaZulu-Natal province has seen some serious flooding, but there isn't one clear explanation.
A new film tells the story of a homeless man from south Wales whose body was used to deceive the Germans.
A jewel-encrusted book sank on RMS Titanic on 15 April 1912 - but this was not the end of the story.
Sisters Kirstie and Abbie Gray both have bowel disease but it affects them in very different ways.
The actress says she's angered by those who "don't think" about the struggles of ordinary people.
Visitors to Rwanda are often impressed by its efficiency, but should be careful what they say.
Rangers are into the Europa League semi-final after Kemar Roofe's extra-time winner settled a pulsating tie with Braga, who finished with nine men.
Eintracht Frankfurt stun Barcelona at the Nou Camp to set up a Europa League semi-final against West Ham.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says retirement is not on his mind ahead of his bout with Dillian Whyte.
Castleford thrash Wakefield to extend their remarkable record in the West Yorkshire derby to 17 straight victories.
BBC Sport's Kelly Somers talks to Jack Grealish about his first season at Manchester City after this summer's £100m move.
Emma Raducanu will "embrace her position" when she leads a new-look Great Britain squad in their Billie Jean King Cup tie against the Czech Republic, says captain Anne Keothavong.
Watch all the goals from Manchester City's route to the FA Cup semi-finals - with victories over Swindon Town, Fulham, Peterborough United and Southampton.
As voter registration closes for the local elections, how much do young Londoners care?
Everything has changed in this town since the Russians came, and horrific memories will not easily be erased.
The UNHCR says it is "unacceptable" to shift responsibility by sending asylum seekers overseas.
Official figures claim there have been no Covid deaths in the current outbreak.
The Sussexes make their first public appearance in Europe together since stepping back as senior royals.
Robert Jenrick is thought to be the first MP to take in refugees under the Homes for Ukraine scheme.
Suggestions emissions could rise for another three years without dangerous warming are wrong, scientists say.
Fraudsters are cold-calling people asking for bank details to receive the £150 rebate, say councils.
The so-called "poison pill" measure is in response to Elon Musk's $43bn cash buyout offer.
The pop star plays the first UK date of her Future Nostalgia tour, two years later than planned.
Lifeboat volunteer David Deveney spent three days in hospital after a river training session.
An Algerian man in Belgium is fighting to claim his €250,000 winnings because of his status.
Salah Abdeslam was allegedly part of an IS terror cell that killed 130 people in attacks across Paris in 2015.
Activists against new government oil and gas projects target sites in Warwickshire and Essex.
The Ukrainian city of Chernihiv was under constant attack until suddenly Russian forces withdrew.
A dozen sanctioned Russians are linked to an estimated £800m worth of property in the UK, BBC analysis reveals.
A Ukrainian air defence officer tells the BBC: "Whoever dominates the air wins the war."
The papers cover a plan to send migrants overseas and claims of UK special forces training troops in Ukraine.
Patron, a Jack Russell, has so far helped to remove hundreds of explosive devices.
Stephanie Coles found a strange lump growing in her stomach area.
A selection of striking images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Once thrown out as old bedding, quilts are all the rage on social media and inspiring a new generation.
A British man serving in the Ukrainian marines has been captured by Russian soldiers.
More than 200 brain tumour patients are taking part in research hoping to yield new personalised treatments.
The tamarin monkey is among the world's most endangered primates, with only about 2,000 in the wild.
Five-year-old Larsen Roberts, who had a rare and aggressive brain tumour, died in 2019.
The new rules are taking away the joy of going out for a meal for some people with eating disorders.
Some 50,000 people have found a place of sanctuary from the myriad armed groups in eastern DR Congo.
There are calls to ban the Post Office from bringing private prosecutions following the Horizon IT scandal.
Merle Oberon rose to stardom in the West while furtively hiding the truth of her past in India.
Mastermind winner Alice Walker revealed herself as a quiz league player, but what do they involve?
Saturday's FA Cup semi-final between Manchester City and Liverpool is live on BBC One, while Chelsea and Crystal Palace meet on Sunday in the other semi-final.
Derby County come from behind to keep their Championship survival hopes alive and make Fulham wait to secure promotion.
BBC Sport's chief football writer describes Burnley's sacking of Sean Dyche as a huge gamble as they bid for Premier League survival.
Sale survive Bristol's second-half comeback and Arron Reed's 33rd-minute red card to make the Champions Cup quarter-finals for the third time.
Six-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan marks his 30th year at the Crucible with more records in his sights.
Watch highlights as British number one Emma Raducanu beats Tereza Martincova 7-5 7-5 to draw Great Britain level with the Czech Republic in the Billie Jean King Cup.
Conor Benn opens up on the pressure of protecting his undefeated record ahead of his fight with Chris van Heerden on Saturday in Manchester.
There are "serious ethical questions" over sending migrants to east Africa, Justin Welby will say.
Russia's defence ministry releases a video purportedly showing the crew of the Moskva in Sevastopol.
The jab, seen as an alternative for people who are vaccine-hesitant, is widely available in the EU but still not cleared for use in the UK.
The prime minister will meet his Indian counterpart after previous visits were postponed due to Covid.
Prince Charles says he is "heartbroken" at the suffering of those fleeing their homes due to war.
The death of a black man in Michigan after a traffic stop raises questions about police use of force.
The Duke of Sussex reveals his son Archie would like to be a pilot at the event's opening at The Hague.
Scammers are using emotionally charged tricks in a bid to steal online donations.
Boris Johnson and other senior ministers are barred for "whipping up anti-Russian hysteria".
Torrential floods have killed nearly 400 people in South Africa, with more rain forecast.
Prof Devi Sridhar revealed the face mask, which was used, had the words "I am done" in black ink.
The firm says military action in Ukraine means it will shut its shops, having defended staying open.
Extinction Rebellion protesters, including two Olympians, scaled the tanker in London.
Open-source evidence is increasingly used by the UN and war crimes investigators, says law professor.
A few residents clear up after Russia's occupation, as Boris Johnson becomes persona non grata in Moscow.
Russia says the Moskva sank after an explosion of ammunition, but Ukrainians say they hit it with missiles.
The papers cover Justin Welby's criticism of refugee plans and fears over pills that harmed babies.
Katherine Crowson was 29 when she was diagnosed, and wanted to know when she would get her life back.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not been on this side of the Atlantic together since 2020.
Rob Savage wanted to add to the sense of the community created during the Covid lockdowns.
Meet the family of church bell-ringers in east London, who practised for Easter Sunday.
From E.T. to the Olympics, the eye-catching sport is being celebrated in a new book.
The tradition of gifted pandas to the US from China hits a 50-year mark at Washington DC's National Zoo.
Hassana Adamu speaks to the BBC about feeling neglected on the eighth anniversary of the kidnappings.
Vineyards are moving further north, but new winemakers say they struggle to be taken seriously.
Have Liverpool struck a psychological blow over Manchester City in the race for domestic and European glory with their FA Cup semi-final win?
Kit Adams, from Newcastle, reflects on his time at the Penguin Post Office in the wilderness of Antarctica.
Liam Taylor, 19, was stabbed to death and his grandmother is on a mission to fund life-saving bleed kits.
Conor Benn makes short work of South Africa's Chris van Heerden as the British welterweight continues his charge towards a world title shot.
British number one Emma Raducanu is bathing her blistered feet in surgical spirit as she bids to stop injuries hampering her game.
Watch highlights as Liverpool beat Manchester City 3-2 in a thrilling encounter at Wembley to reach their first FA Cup final in 10 years.
Watch Sadio Mane's brilliant second goal for Liverpool against Manchester City in the FA Cup semi-final from a variety of camera angles.
Mark Selby begins the defence of his World Championship title by holding off dogged Welsh qualifier Jamie Jones with a 10-7 victory in Sheffield.
Jurgen Klopp praises one of Liverpool's "best ever" performances under the German as the Reds beat Manchester City to reach the FA Cup final, but insists it is not a statement win.
PM Denys Shmyhal says the city has not fallen to Russian forces because of the determined defence.
The home secretary responds after criticism of her refugee plan from the Archbishop of Canterbury.
The host is to return to screens after saying he was "censored" when he left Good Morning Britain.
The 11,483 people who have taken permanent NHS England jobs include former gym managers and air crew.
Official figures earlier said there had been no Covid-linked deaths in Shanghai since 2020.
The government wants shoppers' money to be protected even if the scheme they are in goes bust.
There is ongoing unrest over a far-right group which burned a copy of the Quran, and planned to do so again.
An 80km queue formed on the Polish border ahead of a deadline for Russian trucks to leave the EU.
There will be no immediate job losses at the baby goods retailer, although its founder will step down.
British Transport Police say 15 train passengers reported minor injuries after the emergency stop.
Two of the Doctor's companions from the 1980s will feature in Jodie Whittaker final show.
Footage shows Nicola Sturgeon without a mask during a visit to a barber shop in East Kilbride.
Snowdon guide Gemma Davies says she even caught a man defecating on the mountain's railway line.
Berlin now has some hard decisions to make following years of dialogue and co-operation with Moscow.
Intense shelling in Mykolaiv has forced many people to flee, leaving some elderly residents behind.
Weeks after Russia's leader unleashed war on Ukraine, there is no sign yet of when it will end.
While young Ukrainians have moved to safety, many older residents say they have no choice but to stay.
Mariupol defenders ignore Russian calls to surrender, as Kharkiv and other cities face more shelling.
The papers cover the backlash to the archbishop's criticism of the UK's asylum plan and more No 10 party claims.
Should you change your name to fit in at work? We look at why some people have anglicised their names.
Jonathan Olakunle is fighting for a cleaner society in Osogbo, Nigeria.
Nneka Akudolu was told she had little chance of becoming a barrister, now she's a Queen's Counsel.
About 300 daring riders made an Easter weekend descent of Aanoch Mor in the Highlands.
The paintings will go back to the Maritime Museum in Hull after its refurbishment.
Soldiers have a shoot-to-kill policy to stop millions of Captagon pills being smuggled from Syria.
As Scotland takes off the face masks, James Cook asks how the country has done tackling Covid.
Doctors warn of catastrophe in Sri Lanka where medical supplies are running out in the financial crisis.
One holiday park owner hires five chefs from India after being unable to fill the jobs locally.
How it feels to treat your depression with a hallucinogenic drug.
Katherine Crowson was 29 when she was diagnosed, and wanted to know when she would get her life back.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty looks at how Chelsea have reached a third successive FA Cup final.
Virgil Van Dijk says it would be a "dream" for Liverpool to win a historic and "almost impossible" quadruple.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Stephen Warnock and Leon Osman praise Newcastle's matchwinner Bruno Guimaraes after their 2-1 win over Leicester.
Who could threaten their club's goalscoring record? Which veteran should retire at the top this summer? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan showcases his mettle by coming from behind to beat David Gilbert 10-5 at the World Championship in Sheffield.
West Ham come from behind to dent managerless Burnley's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premier League in a match tainted by Ashley Westwood's injury.
Most Tory MPs rallied behind Boris Johnson, but one senior backbencher called on the leader to quit.
Leaders agree to send artillery and other weapons as Russia launches a fresh offensive in eastern Ukraine.
The Duke of Sussex says he wants his grandmother to have "the right people around her".
The BBC followed overworked delivery riders as they raced against time to take food to customers.
The government has also announced people will be able to opt out of subscriptions more easily.
Mobile phone use while driving will remain illegal, as changes to the Highway Code are announced.
The actor describes his childhood of physical abuse as he takes the stand in a Virginia court.
Manchester United and Liverpool supporters unite in a fan-led minute of applause at Anfield in support of Cristiano Ronaldo and his family following the death of his baby boy.
The firm lost 200,000 members in the first three months of the year.
Acute hepatitis - or liver inflammation - among children was first reported in the UK last week.
The discovery may lead to ways to spot and even prevent dangerous tumours, experts hope.
A 19-year-old from South Lanarkshire has a little known condition which constantly affects her vision.
Russian troops have launched a new offensive in the Donbas region in east Ukraine.
Credible footage of sinking Russian warship surfaces as Ukraine says Russia has started its assault to seize Donbas in the east.
Vitaly Shevchenko's family fled Ukraine with the help of two BBC audience members.
As fighting rages across Ukraine, Russia's invasion has shattered the lives of millions of children.
Sviatohirsk was a tourist trail staple but is now just another place in the Donbas where people flee war.
Many papers lead with Boris Johnson's apology to MPs over being fined for breaking lockdown rules.
If you're reading this, your face is probably on one of the more than 20bn images in this database.
Coco shares her experience of living with albinism in Nigeria.
Gaby Hersham, CEO of co-working space network Huckletree, shares her business advice.
Australia has hundreds of Indigenous groups - and Wayne Quilliam is hoping to photograph them all.
Denzil Connick, from south Wales, was treated by Nicci Pugh in 1982 - now, 40 years on, they meet again.
A former nurse says she witnessed "callous behaviour" towards unmarried mothers forced to give up their babies.
The Chumak family thought they would never be all together again after Peter got stuck in Ukraine.
Ben Ogden has spent months standing with a sign telling people it's ok to talk.
Former warrant officer John Sheldon from Yeovilton helped bring burned and injured crew to safety.
Emmanuel Macron was dismissed as an outsider five years ago. Now, he faces a new challenge: his own record.
The police inquiry is separate to the investigation carried out by civil servant Sue Gray.
The new government has proposed getting rid of the country's age systems, but experts are divided.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Bafta-winning director Brian Hill on tackling bullying in his industry with new film Toxic.
Alternatives to gas and oil heating are becoming more popular but are still expensive.
Councils are contacting parents and carers with offers of primary-school places in England and Wales.
Pharmaceutical entrepreneur Sir Roger Jones says his industry needed more of them.
Two young women with ulcerative colitis share photos of their stoma bags to normalise the condition.
India's PM is an alpha male who leads a patriarchal party - so what's the appeal?
French voters have a big choice to make on public services, immigration and foreign policy.
Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick says the 4-0 Premier League defeat by Liverpool at Anfield was "humiliating".
Fulham crush Preston to seal their Premier League return as Aleksandar Mitrovic's double takes his season's tally to 40 goals
Tournament favourite Neil Robertson looks in ominous form as he beats debutant Ashley Hugill 10-5 in the first round of the World Championship.
Tyson Fury has insisted he has "absolutely zero" involvement with Daniel Kinahan, either in a business or advisory role.
Liverpool move top of the Premier League as they outclass Manchester United and dent the visitors' hopes of a top-four finish.
Cost of living, health service, education and climate - compare where the parties stand on key issues.
Voters are choosing councillors in England, Scotland and Wales, and a government in Northern Ireland.
Labour wants MPs to investigate if the PM misled them - but ministers say a decision should wait.
Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen take part in an animated contest four days before the election.
Britain's longest-lived monarch has travelled to the Sandringham estate in Norfolk for her birthday.
Spanish researchers say it's the shortest-known gap between two coronavirus infections.
Police say the incident is a "complex inquiry" and "appears to be a targeted attack".
Businessman Oleg Tinkov is one of the most high profile Russians to publicly condemn the war.
Scott Morrison has been criticised for saying he is "blessed" not to have children with disabilities.
Elon Musk's Tesla has raised prices for its electric cars as it faces higher costs.
Simply designating an area as "for nature" does not mean it is beneficial for wildlife, researchers find.
A date must be set to "focus minds" on getting rid of the deadly substance, a Commons committee says.
The actor testified about his volatile marriage to Amber Heard ahead of cross examination by her lawyers.
The makers of a film whose cinematographer was shot dead knew firearm safety rules were not being followed, a report says.
A survey of 10,000 British women by retail analyst Kantar has revealed big changes to beauty routines.
A 91-year-old Holocaust survivor is named among city's reported dead and one of Russia's richest oligarchs decries the war as a 'massacre'.
The UN says more than 11 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Russia has shifted most of the focus of its war to eastern Ukraine, aiming to "liberate" the region.
Relatives speak of their pride and fears for the last Ukrainian soldiers defending Mariupol.
Russian troops have launched a new offensive in the Donbas region in east Ukraine.
President Putin says the new Sarmat missile is food for thought for those who try to threaten Russia.
The woman reportedly died in a basement more than 80 years after surviving the city's Nazi occupiers.
Prince Harry's claims about protecting the Queen make several front pages.
The BBC gained rare access to Myanmar's jungle training camps where protesters are turned into soldiers.
A small but growing number of High Street stores are offering customers a glass of wine.
Days before France votes on its next president, voters react to the televised debate between Le Pen and Macron.
The monarch has her likeness committed to plastic in time for her 96th birthday.
A 19-year-old from South Lanarkshire has a little known condition which constantly affects her vision.
Steve Coogan, who will play Jimmy Savile on TV, says his abuse shouldn't be swept "under the carpet".
The collection of 37 toys sold by a fan of the movie series makes £37,500.
The firm needs to sign up new subscribers after losing 200,000 in the first quarter of the year.
Coco shares her experience of living with albinism in Nigeria.
The BBC followed overworked delivery riders as they raced against time to take food to customers.
Sally Evans says it was 'too valuable to eat' after her brother bought it with his first pay packet.
As she turns 96, the Queen's sense of humour is hailed as an important, if often hidden, quality.
MPs are discussing having an investigation into whether the prime minister misled Parliament.
Almost all of the UK's Covid rules have ended, two years after they were introduced.
One community faces relocation to quarantine facilities more than 100 miles (160km) away.
Award-winning director Audrey Diwan talks about how her own abortion led her to make her new film.
Liege-Bastogne-Liege rarely fails to test riders. In its 130th year, a legend of the race looks back on his most remarkable win.
The recent theatrical success of movies like KGF 2 and RRR has revived a debate on the "pan-Indian" film.
Eight months into Taliban rule, the economy and health services have been shattered as funding dries up.
A derogatory remark during a live broadcast reveals how racism still permeates all sections of society.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Manchester City restore their one-point advantage over Liverpool at the top of the Premier League with victory over a resolute Brighton.
Arsenal stunned Chelsea with a 4-2 win at Stamford Bridge to put themselves back on track in the hunt for a Champions League spot after three straight defeats.
Joe Root is named Wisden's leading cricketer in the world for 2021 while Ollie Robinson is one of the five Cricketers of the Year.
Four-time champion John Higgins is made to work hard for his 10-7 first-round win over Thepchaiya Un-Nooh at the World Championship in Sheffield.
British Olympic cyclist Katie Archibald criticises the inclusion policies of sporting governing bodies, saying transgender athletes must be welcomed without "sacrificing fairness".
Everton manager Frank Lampard says he hopes Dele Alli's role in the late draw with Leicester can be "a big starting point for him" after his January move from Tottenham.
Match of the Day pundits Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Micah Richards discuss Manchester City's win over Brighton that took them back top of the Premier League.
One of the last defenders in Mariupol tells the BBC conditions are dire but they won't surrender.
Satellite images appear to show more than 200 graves, as Ukraine accuses Russia of mass killings.
Portuguese prosecutors do not name the person but say they are acting on the request of German authorities.
But the prime minister is likely to face more questions over Partygate during his final day in India.
The BBC gets an exclusive look at the upgraded machine helping to overhaul our understanding of the Universe.
The change in plans for the Earl and Countess of Wessex comes after talks with the island's government.
An "archaeological dig" of thousands of tumours in the UK has unearthed new patterns in cancer's DNA.
The supermarket urges people to use their judgement - with best before labels used instead.
Depp says she stubbed a cigarette on his face. The court sees a Depp text saying: "Lets burn Amber!!!"
UK doctors who treated the patient at a London hospital say persistent infections are still rare.
Questions are being asked about a scene in The Kardashians, when Kim's son finds a sex tape ad on Roblox.
Governor Ron DeSantis has taken aim at Disney over its opposition to the so-called Don't Say Gay bill.
A new inquiry into whether the PM misled MPs over parties in Downing Street leads several front pages.
Boris Johnson will be investigated by a Commons committee over claims he misled Parliament.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Has Marine Le Pen's strong views on immigration, the EU and Nato shifted since the last election?
Thousands of German nationals have migrated to Paraguay to escape Covid restrictions and immigration in Europe.
The streaming giant is losing subscribers despite huge hits like Squid Game and Bridgerton.
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and beyond this week.
The Queen's Guard play an arrangement of Happy Birthday during the Changing of the Guard ceremony.
The tours, which are to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, will run from June to August this summer.
The appearance of Donald Trump's former lawyer prompted one of the show's judges to walk off.
The world's first tennis guide and Amy Winehouse's library are also on offer at the NY Antiquarian Book Fair.
Boris Johnson is hoping to strike a free trade deal with India within months.
As Covid continues to spread rapidly, are many people catching Omicron for a second time?
New Zealand's PM tells the BBC in an exclusive interview she'll work with China where possible.
Some of the main data used to work out average use is based on use before we worked from home
The world's most ambitious free school food programme resumes post pandemic, but problems remain.
Stars of Alice Oseman's TV adaptation discuss TikTok, bullying, inclusivity and mental health.
The nation that has seen economic trauma is open to the possibility of alternative money like Bitcoin.
Most Americans support Ukraine - but as the war drives up US petrol prices, is there a limit?
Logan Mwangi's mother, stepfather and a 14-year-old are found guilty of murdering the five-year-old.
Marine Le Pen's last presidential debate was a disaster - but five years on things are different.
MPs are set to investigate whether the prime minister misled Parliament.
The prime minister enjoys an enthusiastic welcome abroad as his troubles at home persist.
Erik ten Hag is Manchester United's fifth permanent manager since Sir Alex Ferguson. BBC Sport looks at the challenges he faces at Old Trafford.
Burnley produce a fine performance to beat Southampton to give their hopes of Premier League survival a huge boost.
Former champion Judd Trump overcomes Iranian debutant Hossein Vafaei 10-4 at the World Championship in Sheffield.
Russian world number eight Andrey Rublev says Wimbledon's ban on Russian and Belarusian players is "complete discrimination".
Charles Leclerc says he and Max Verstappen "hated" each other at one point when they were younger because of their fierce rivalry.
Great Britain claim silver in the women's and men's team pursuit as the UCI Track Nations Cup 2022 begins in Glasgow.
How a young Ukrainian woman travelled into the besieged city of Mariupol to save her parents.
Across Ukraine’s Kyiv region, efforts have begun to clear the countless pieces of unexploded ammunition left behind after fierce fighting.
Russia's president says the Azovstal steel plant must be sealed off, and satellite images suggest mass graves.
The World Bank chief says hundreds of millions more people could be pushed into poverty.
Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner were captured last week while defending the Ukrainian city of Mariupol.
Russia claims to have taken the port city of Mariupol trapping the remaining Ukrainian forces in a steelworks complex
Local elections in England, Wales and Scotland, and a general election in Northern Ireland, will happen on 5 May.
Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen make bitter attacks on each other ahead of Sunday's election.
Madeleine has been missing for nearly 15 years - she disappeared, aged three, in Portugal.
A year since the first subpostmasters overturned wrongful convictions, most still await a financial settlement
The youngest child of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is pictured playing in the sand.
Disney's special status allowed it to in effect operate its own municipal government in Florida.
Assets frozen of charity donating £9m to Queen's hospital and £3m to Prince Charles’s charity.
Another ferry is found to have issues that need fixing before it can sail again.
Tesco joins Waitrose and Morrisons in limiting purchases as supplies are hit by the conflict in Ukraine.
Guns have overtaken car crashes as the leading cause of death among young Americans.
A senior Russian commander is quoted as saying Moscow plans to take full control of the south and east.
ONS officials say they are seeing welcome falls in infection across the UK, but levels remain high.
The medication could help millions of UK women with overactive bladders, say experts.
Boris Johnson suggesting sending tanks to Poland features on several of Saturday's front pages.
Harold Messam attends the weekly 5k event, which he completes in under an hour.
A selection of striking images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Watch the moment a pigeon makes it way into the Crucible at the World Snooker Championship.
As the Wessexes cancel their trip, there are demands for an apology from the royals for past abuses.
The Logan Mwangi murder trial was paused several times when jurors found details distressing.
Ukraine showcases its culture at the prestigious arts festival, while protesting against the Russian invasion.
Tensions are high following several days of violence in and around the al-Aqsa Mosque compound.
Misinformation has been targeting not just the candidates, but also the voting process itself.
Most people in England no longer get free PCRs or LFTs, and rules vary across the rest of the UK.
The UN says more than 11 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
France keep their Grand Slam hopes alive with a five-try victory over Wales on Friday.
Incoming Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag must perform an "open heart operation", says interim boss Ralf Rangnick.
Mark Williams thrashes fellow Welshman Jackson Page 13-3 to reach the quarter-finals of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Max Verstappen beats Charles Leclerc to pole position for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix sprint race at Imola.
Iga Swiatek keeps an excellent run of form going as she beats Great Britain's Emma Raducanu to reach the Stuttgart Open semi-finals.
In a true tussle of the boxer versus the brawler, BBC Sport previews the blockbuster bout by speaking to both fighters, former heavyweight champions David Haye and Joseph Parker and boxing trainer Dave Coldwell.
In occupied areas of Ukraine, journalists have been assaulted and only pro-Russian news is available.
Kyiv's defence force remains on high alert, dug into trenches in case of the return of Russian troops.
Footage has emerged of more than 20 civilians lying dead along a main road in the city of Mariupol.
Officials mention number of dead and missing for the first time, and apparent plans for southern Ukraine are revealed.
The government launched two schemes to let Ukrainian refugees come to the UK.
Nato faces one of the biggest challenges in its history with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Fighting intensifies in eastern Ukraine as a Russian commander outlines plan to take full control of the south of the country.
Voters in France will go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president.
Emmanuel Macron was dismissed as an outsider five years ago. Now, he faces a new challenge: his own record.
Marine Le Pen has taken France's National Rally to within touching distance of the presidency.
French voters have a big choice to make on public services, immigration and foreign policy.
After a divisive campaign, Marine Le Pen faces an uphill battle to defeat sitting President Macron.
David Nott worked in conflict zones around the world - now he's sharing his expertise in Ukraine.
Parades fill the streets of Brazil's Rio de Janeiro for the first carnival since the pandemic began.
WBC champion Tyson Fury produces a stunning one-punch stoppage in the sixth round to beat fellow Briton Dillian Whyte and then insists he will retire.
Four of the 26 people on board are found by rescuers after the vessel sent out a distress signal.
Ukrainian fighters post a video of civilians who they say have been hiding under a steel plant for weeks.
It follows reports that officials were fined for a garden party Boris Johnson attended in 2020.
The minister, who wants civil servants to stop working from home, left a note saying "sorry you were out".
The health secretary is considering letting an inquiry access a database of young people already treated.
Boris Johnson tells Volodymyr Zelensky the UK will provide more armoured vehicles, drones and anti-tank weapons.
The culture secretary says it is tough seeing people mock her for something beyond her control.
Most walkers keep Snowdon clean, but volunteers say a small minority leave rubbish behind.
Boris Johnson insists he is delivering for Britain, as the Partygate scandal looms over Downing Street.
A Hare Krisha community that calls an island in County Fermanagh its home, is beginning to grow.
The social media platform has become a battleground as candidates reach out to young voters.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Two cousins are coming to terms with their scars one year on from being burned in an explosion.
A Pembrokeshire company says it will stop printing "Little England beyond Wales" on its tubs.
Campaigners take to rivers across the UK in 12 protests against water companies dumping sewage.
The youngest child of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is pictured playing in the sand in Norfolk.
Essex student Ella Lambert says there is "a massive need" for sanitary pads as the war continues.
Watch the moment a pigeon makes it way into the Crucible at the World Snooker Championship.
The woman caught in a Chernihiv school blast had her story on Instagram targeted by pro-Kremlin accounts.
Set in one of the coldest and windiest small towns in Australia, Cooma prison holds a dark secret.
The Grammy-nominated band's new album addresses a "lack of acceptance" towards Irish culture.
The love story of a couple is being used to reconcile Rwandans 28 years after the genocide.
BBC News remembers the uprising on the uplands and asks what the next steps are for access rights.
The Logan Mwangi murder trial was paused several times when jurors found details distressing.
Defending champion Mark Selby is knocked out of the World Championship by Yan Bingtao after a match featuring the longest frame in Crucible history.
Gabriel Jesus scores four goals against Watford but Pep Guardiola does not know whether the striker will still be at the club next season.
Tottenham's hopes of qualifying for the Champions League suffer a setback as they are held to a goalless draw by Brentford.
Match of the Day pundit Ian Wright looks at how Gabriel Jesus was involved in every goal as Manchester City increase their lead at the top of the table by thumping Watford 5-1 at the Etihad.
Voters in France will go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president.
French voters have a big choice to make on public services, immigration and foreign policy.
Footage has emerged of more than 20 civilians lying dead along a main road in the city of Mariupol.
He triumphs over his far-right rival and becomes the first president to win re-election in 20 years.
Macron arrives to jubilant scenes at the Eiffel Tower, while there's disappointment for those gathering with Le Pen.
Yuriy Glodan's wife, mother-in-law, and baby were killed in a strike on their apartment block in Odesa.
Recent Crown Court cases have taken an average of nine months to complete, BBC investigation finds.
The ferry firm had asked recently-employed agency workers to sign new contracts with reduced wages.
Royalties for live music were down almost 30% last year, but a recovery is on the horizon.
Passengers hit by international travel disruption should be better protected, a report concludes.
As some Tories join calls for Boris Johnson to quit over partygate, his chairman says it would bring uncertainty.
Sir Keir Starmer says the government's response to the crisis so far has been "utterly woeful".
An article suggesting Labour's deputy tries to distract the PM in the Commons is roundly condemned.
Luke Symons, 30, was imprisoned without charge in the war-torn Middle Eastern country since 2017.
Liverpool keep pace with Manchester City at the top of the Premier League as two second-half goals give them a victory that deepens Merseyside rivals Everton's relegation worries.
Emmanuel Macron's victory in the French presidential election and disquiet among Conservative MPs lead the papers
When Tom Justice failed to make the Olympics he decided to use his cycling skills to rob banks instead.
In the historic Ethiopian town of Lalibela, civil war and Covid-19 have left many without livelihoods.
The Earl and Countess of Wessex continue their tour with a visit to St Vincent and the Grenadines.
Those who have fled the Ukrainian city say people are being held in cramped, unclean, camps.
The French TV series has been adapted for an English-language audience. Its writer explains why.
The machines allow the user to see both his or her reflection and a video of an online instructor.
An experiment to find out has just finished on the International Space Station.
Liverpool's recent run of positive results is "insane", boss Jurgen Klopp says after they make it 14 Premier League games unbeaten with victory over Everton.
Tennis player Emma Raducanu wins the Breakthrough of the Year award at the 2022 Laureus World Sports Awards - one of three British winners.
Barcelona suffer a third home defeat in a row for the first time in a single season with a shock La Liga loss to Rayo Vallecano.
The government says it will establish an independent regulator in football after endorsing recommendations made in a fan-led review.
Match of the Day 2’s Mark Chapman, Micah Richards and Jermaine Jenas praise Liverpool's substitutes in their 2-0 Merseyside Derby win against Everton, particularly Divock Origi.
Which defender deserves to be trusted more? Who has guts? Who is a dentist doing a surgeon's job? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
After becoming the first French president re-elected in 20 years, Emmanuel Macron told supporters he was "the president of all."
Marine Le Pen addresses her supporters as she concedes in France's presidential vote.
The 44-year-old will now serve for another five years, but he is facing a polarised France.
The incumbent, Emmanuel Macron, has secured the largest share of the vote in the presidential election.
Misleading videos have been viewed by millions as it struggles to deal with so much false material.
President Zelensky delivers a festive address and a blast survivor is targeted by false accusations.
David Nott worked in conflict zones around the world - now he's sharing his expertise to help doctors in Ukraine.
Mr Musk, who made the shock bid just over a week ago, said he would "unlock" the social media firm's potential.
US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin says he hopes to see the Russian military depleted in Ukraine.
Dragons' Den star Deborah Meaden is among business leaders who signed an open letter to ministers.
Consumer group Which? has written to the Treasury calling for urgent action to protect access to cash.
The newly-formed Ukrainian Freedom Orchestra is part of the Proms' first full line-up since 2019.
Mr Depp defends messages sent to fellow actor Paul Bettany saying he would burn his then-girlfriend.
Anecdotal evidence suggests spiking is widespread but victims are reluctant to report it, say MPs.
Serious violence neared pre-pandemic levels in August, but overall rates were lower, say researchers.
One ex-head of a school in Derby said the 100-hour weeks made it the "loneliest job I've ever done".
Campaigners say escorting boats back to France would be inhumane and dangerous.
North Korea's leader spoke at a military parade which also saw banned missiles displayed.
Experts say there is mounting evidence that a common virus is linked to these rare cases.
The remarks came during a meeting between the Earl and Countess of Wessex and the country's PM.
Elon Musk buying Twitter and the ongoing shortage of hormone replacement drugs lead the papers.
The actress had been criticised by viewers for overly pursing her lips when playing Michelle Obama.
It is one of the only English-speaking nations to have mandatory voting, and people widely support it.
Women and girls are exposed to sexual violence as private vendors control the water supply in Kenya.
Stephen Carpenter and Eric Bourne shared their day with the 30 crew of the UK's new polar ship.
A year since the death of Folajimi Olubumni-Adewole, friends got his song played on Radio 1Xtra.
Brazil's famous Carnival returned this year for the first time since the Covid pandemic.
The billionaire has called for a series of changes from relaxing Twitter's content restrictions to eradicating fake accounts.
A catalogue of errors appears to have led to the sinking of a boat carrying sightseers off northern Japan.
Politicians and scientists say they were duped by an organisation making false claims about global warming.
The Nationality and Borders Bill, currently being debated in Parliament, has sparked controversy.
Claims about Angela Rayner have been dismissed as sexist, but is it a sign of a wider problem in Westminster?
It is wholly possible Tyson Fury will retire after beating Dillian Whyte, but he could return for an undisputed clash next year, says BBC Radio 5 Live boxing analyst Steve Bunce.
BBC Sport looks at all the major narratives at play in the final four of the Champions League.
Leeds United move five points clear of the Premier League relegation zone following a fiercely contested goalless draw at Crystal Palace.
Neil Robertson's superb maximum break cannot prevent him from losing a dramatic final-frame decider to Jack Lisowski in the second round of the World Championship.
Manchester City need "two exceptional games" to overcome Real Madrid and reach the Champions League final, says City boss Pep Guardiola.
Watch Neil Robertson's 147 break at the 2022 World Snooker Championship second round in under two minutes.
Liz Kincaid was pulled from Great Britain's gymnastics coaching squad just weeks before the Tokyo Olympics after a serious allegation was made against her.
A new dementia study has been launched to investigate ways to reduce risk of the disease in former footballers.
Ukrainian forces have been holding the line in Donbas since 2014, but what was sporadic fighting has now turned into a full-blown war.
A chilling account of a Russian filtration camp and US hopes for Russia to be "weakened".
Fighting intensifies in eastern Ukraine and Russian forces prepare a new assault on the steelworks in Mariupol
Voters will go to the polls to elect the Northern Ireland Assembly on 5 May.
Moscow said 'unfriendly' countries must start paying for its gas in roubles, which Poland refused.
Foreign Secretary Liz Truss will use a speech to urge Nato to answer calls for heavier armaments.
A joint investigation by the BBC and the Guardian has uncovered allegations of unwanted sexual behaviour and touching.
A report finds "no-go areas" for staff and says jails must not provide opportunities for militants.
Leaving devices on standby costs the average household two monthly electric bills, research suggests.
Two journalists were summoned by Sir Lindsay Hoyle to discuss an article about Labour's deputy leader.
The company says new healthy food rules fail to consider the nutritional value of milk added to cereals.
The company's Spirit of Britain ferry departed Dover just after 23:00 BST on Tuesday.
The Trussell Trust charity expects food poverty to worsen in the UK as the cost of living crisis deepens.
Five-fold variation seen between areas with highest and lowest rates, government data shows.
More research to examine the sex-related differences in asthma is needed, says Asthma and Lung UK.
Imran Ahmad Khan was part of a panel reviewing a research paper into child sexual exploitation.
Sexual misconduct claims against DJ Tim Westwood and calls for help to cut household costs lead the papers.
A photo of a street food vendor has won Pink Lady Food Photographer of the Year 2022.
Ukrainian players from Dynamo Kyiv and Borussia Dortmund speak about being away from loved ones.
Conchita Wurst won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2014. How does she rate Sam Ryder's chances?
In May 1972 five children were killed when the Big Dipper in Battersea Park crashed.
Joel Remy-Parkes of kids tableware company Bamboo Bamboo shares his business advice for CEO Secrets.
Ann Kendrick, from Looe, Cornwall, said she never expected to see the ring again.
Some said the network got off to an "impressive start," but others said it was "mind-numbingly boring".
Pictures show thick plumes of smoke and flames rising from the building in Harlow, Essex.
Women and girls are exposed to sexual violence as private vendors control the water supply in Kenya.
A sign for David Oluwale, who was chased to his death by police, goes missing after its unveiling.
Brazil's famous Carnival returned this year for the first time since the Covid pandemic.
First-time voter James Lamb is a descendant of one of 200 men who walked 300 miles for jobs.
Imports of cheaper Russian oil by India are rising, despite calls for Delhi to help isolate Russia economically.
The stone head the Canaanite goddess of beauty, love and war is unearthed in a Khan Younis field.
With the polls encouraging for Sinn Féin, the party is aiming for a historic result in May's election.
After the billionaire struck a deal to buy the site, speculation has begun over what the future holds.
Claims about Angela Rayner have been dismissed as sexist, but is it a sign of a wider problem in Westminster?
The Nationality and Borders Bill, currently being debated in Parliament, has sparked controversy.
BBC Sport looks at all the major narratives at play in the final four of the Champions League.
Six-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan extends his lead to 11-5 over Stephen Maguire in their World Championship quarter-final.
Arsenal and Netherlands striker Vivianne Miedema talks MOTDx through her football journey from Hoogeveen to history.
BBC Sounds podcast 'Wunderkids' is building football's most exciting young XI - the focus of episode 11 is Borussia Dortmund striker Youssoufa Moukoko.
Emma Raducanu has split from coach Torben Beltz after only five months.
PSG hopeful over Mbappe deal, Man Utd plan to open David de Gea contract talks, Kounde keen on Chelsea move, plus more.
Ros Atkins looks why Nato’s border with Russia looks likely to expand significantly.
The UN says more than 11 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
A statue that once represented friendship between the two countries is pulled down in Kyiv.
Ukraine is pushing up prices of commodities including food, cotton and energy, the World Bank says.
Yogita Limaye visits a Ukrainian village on the border of Russia and Belarus that has been torn apart by war.
Heavy shelling by Russian forces is continuing along the 300-mile front line in the Donbas region but Ukrainian resistance is limiting their gains.
Nato faces one of the biggest challenges in its history with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Russia's president says any nation meddling in the Ukraine war will face a "lightning-fast" response.
Western allies must "double down" in their support for Ukraine, the UK's foreign secretary says.
A Welsh MP alleges a shadow cabinet member made lewd and sexist comments about her.
Netflix and other streaming services are to be regulated by Ofcom, under new government plans.
Asked if he will do more to help with energy costs, the chancellor says he wants to wait.
A review of the claims - made by two female MPs - is escalated to an independent complaints scheme.
Current system said to be too adversarial, resulting in bitter and long legal fights with patients.
Almost 100,000 fewer cars were built in the first three months of 2022 compared to last year.
Held in a Russian prison since 2019, Trevor Reed is safely on his way back to the US.
Experts say India is now recording more intense, frequent heatwaves that are also longer in duration.
DJ Tim Westwood leaves Capital Xtra "until further notice" after sexual misconduct allegations.
Liverpool take control of their Champions League semi-final with Villarreal with a deserved first-leg win at Anfield.
Claims a senior MP was seen watching porn in the Commons and soaring gas prices in Europe lead the papers
People headed to the front line, and their supporters, are having the country's war with Russia memorialise.
Animal sanctuary staff in Sheffield say more pets than ever are being given up as prices increase.
Voters in Southampton discuss their key issues ahead of the local elections.
A shortage of some hormone-replacement therapy has left some women struggling with menopause symptoms.
A poll suggests 227,000 renters in England have faced 'no fault' eviction notices in recent years.
Drink-spiking victims talk about its impact on them after MPs warn of the long-term consequences.
Rivalry between stars of Famo, a popular style of music in Lesotho, has sparked years of gang warfare.
Driven by demand from their staff a growing number of companies are introducing transparency on pay.
The SDLP has a number of targets, but some of its existing seats are vulnerable to challengers.
As caste discrimination gains visibility in the US, Indian-Americans grapple with their privilege.
When Elena Krawzow posed topless for Playboy magazine she became the first Para-athlete to do so. Her decision did not please everyone.
WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury has confirmed he is "done" with boxing.
Watch Judd Trump jokingly distract referee Ben Williams in order to move a ball at the end of a frame in the match against Stuart Bingham at the Snooker World Championship.
Tom English asks can a Rangers side ravaged by injuries to key forwards cause yet another upset against RB Leipzig in the last four of the Europa League?
John Higgins beats Jack Lisowski in a tense final-frame decider to set up a meeting with Ronnie O'Sullivan in the semi-finals of the World Championship.
Emma Raducanu says it was a "tough" decision to split with coach Torben Beltz after only five months, but is "very confident" in her training.
Liverpool move to within eight games of "immortality" with their Champions League win over Villarreal, so can they do it?
One man says he was captured and taken over the border, where he was blindfolded and beaten.
Russia has threatened to cut off gas supplies if countries ban its oil.
The UN says more than 11 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Mysterious explosions in Transnistria raise fears that the Ukraine conflict may spread to Moldova.
Russian forces are continuing to make slow progress around the eastern city of Izyum but Ukrainian resistance is stopping advances elsewhere.
Children and young people press local election candidates for action on wildlife extinction.
Two blasts hit the capital as UN chief António Guterres criticised his organisation's Security Council.
The British overseas territory's premier, Andrew Fahie, is detained by agents posing as cartel traffickers.
Black children are disadvantaged by being viewed as less innocent and more adult, a report says.
The British comedian and actor turned talk show host announced the decision on Thursday.
The e-commerce giant is wrestling with the impact of rising costs and the war in Ukraine.
Parents of disabled children say they fear rising energy prices could make their condition worse.
Thousands of people who lived in the UK during the "mad cow disease" crisis are now eligible to donate.
A growing number of businesses, especially in construction and hospitality, are in a critical position.
A UK-wide hormone-replacement therapy crisis has seen women turning to the black market.
It may hurt, but exercise is beneficial for joints, experts say in guidance for doctors and patients.
It comes as the electric car maker's chief executive moves ahead with his $44bn takeover of Twitter.
A charity says people should leave their lawnmowers in the shed next month, to let wild flowers grow.
The death of an ex-British solider in Ukraine and new claims of harassment in Westminster lead the papers.
A mystery, a film crew and a trip to France are all part of Downton Abbey's second film outing.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Based in Odesa, Jixian Wang hopes to show the reality of the Ukraine war to Chinese people.
The BBC gets an exclusive look at a new project to help students deal with rising climate anxiety.
Prince Charles told journalists he had seen them "shivering on the roofs" while reporting from Ukraine.
Streets came to a standstill as people paused to pay tribute to the millions killed in the Holocaust.
The sheep were led across a makeshift bridge after leaping across a gap from an adjacent field.
The court hears evidence of personality disorders, drug abuse and a relationship with Elon Musk.
More awareness of the region's history and calls for slavery reparations have changed sentiment.
The club, where Madonna played her first UK gig was gutted by fire. Now its rewriting the rules of live music.
The party believes it will remain the largest at Stormont, but it trails Sinn Féin in opinion polls.
A year after losing her father to Covid, Indian journalist Barkha Dutt writes on coping with loss and regret.
As he plots his political future, two criminal probes and multiple lawsuits could spell trouble.
Environmental campaigners are taking Norway to court over drilling in the Arctic.
The SDLP has a number of targets, but some of its existing seats are vulnerable to challengers.
There is no government data on how many people are prosecuted for terror offences after returning from Syria.
Rangers must come from behind if they are to reach their first European final in 14 years after a resolute showing is undone by a late RB Leipzig wonder strike in their Europa League semi-final first leg.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores his 17th goal of the season to earn Manchester United a point after David de Gea frustrates Chelsea with several superb saves at Old Trafford.
Katie Taylor believes her undisputed championship bout against seven-weight champion Amanda Serrano is the "best fight" in boxing.
West Ham must win in Germany to reach the Europa League final after defeat by Eintracht Frankfurt in the semi-final first leg at London Stadium.
BBC Sport looks back at Ben Stokes' match-winning innings at Headingley during the 2019 Ashes, which Sir Alastair Cook described as "the greatest innings ever played by an Englishman".
Chelsea overcome Tottenham for the second time in five days to extend their lead at the top of the Women's Super League to four points.
Ronnie O'Sullivan and John Higgins are level at 4-4 after a tense opening to their World Championship semi-final.
Nikita Horban was abducted from his village and taken to Russia. He would come back without any toes.
A neighbour told Andrei Kirilenko his mother could not be buried due to the danger from shelling.
While some Russians accept the Kremlin’s parallel reality on Ukraine, others take risks to protest.
Eleven-year-old Angelina is one of many children who were forced to flee hundreds of miles from their homes on Ukraine's front line.
Russia has threatened to cut off gas supplies if countries ban its oil.
The government launched two schemes to let Ukrainian refugees come to the UK.
Students at a college attended by Mark Knopfler and Reshmin Chowdhury share their election thoughts.
For the first time some Welsh polling stations will open before the main election day of Thursday.
Pentagon spokesman John Kirby appeared emotional as he described Russia's "cruelty" in Ukraine.
Neil Parish is under investigation for allegedly viewing adult material on his phone in Parliament.
The force is seeking permission from the Court of Appeal after losing its case in the High Court.
None of the affected children in the UK had been vaccinated because they were too young to be eligible.
The Hollywood star urged Brazil's youth to vote in October's elections to save the Amazon.
The dazzlingly bright planets will appear extremely close together in the dark sky on Saturday.
Rishi Sunak said a £150 council tax rebate would be paid "in April" but guidance now says "from April".
British overseas territory minister Amanda Milling will meet with officials over home rule recommendations.
Paul Urey and Dylan Healy were detained at a Russian checkpoint, according to an aid organisation.
Officials say women will only be be able to get three months' worth of certain HRT products at a time.
A curfew is imposed and thousands of police and soldiers are deployed to restore "peace and order".
Parliamentary groups are at risk of giving "improper access" to hostile states, a report warns.
Khafilat Kareem, a Met Police officer, went on the Nigerian version of the TV show without permission.
A Tory MP's suspension over pornography claims and tennis star Boris Becker's jail sentence lead the papers.
The host is credited with reinventing late night US TV but also courted controversy - so what's next?
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
When two women started Spanners with Manners they did not expect a surge of women to apply for work.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK and find out how many cases there are in your area.
Some residents have been under strict lockdown for five weeks, and struggled to access food supplies.
Boris Becker has been jailed. How did the former golden boy of tennis come to this?
The grief is universal, but the care women receive during pregnancy loss can depend on where they live.
Boris Johnson's critics and supporters await more twists and turns in the story about lockdown parties.
France alleges its forces in Mali are the victim of smear campaign involving a Russian mercenary group.
A British poster campaign is highlighting that intrusive staring is a form of sexual harassment.
Some Muslims have been struggling to afford food to break their fasts amid the soaring cost of living.
Dexter Jackson knew he had "a one in a million chance" of being pardoned - but "never lost faith".
The court hears evidence of personality disorders, drug abuse and a relationship with Elon Musk.
The club, where Madonna played her first UK gig was gutted by fire. Now it's rewriting the rules of live music.
Ex-Wimbledon star sentenced to two and a half years for hiding assets to avoid paying debts.
A consortium led by the owner of the LA Dodgers is set to become the preferred bidder for Chelsea despite a late offer from Sir Jim Ratcliffe.
Mark Williams produces a scintillating potting display to battle back to 13-11 down in his World Championship semi-final against Judd Trump.
Here are some of undisputed lightweight champion Katie Taylor's most dramatic winning moments in the boxing ring.
James Grayson's late penalty helps Northampton beat Harlequins to give Saints a great chance of making the Premiership play-offs.
James Anderson says he would love to return to the England team under new captain Ben Stokes.
A roaring second half sees Sheffield United recover to beat QPR and keep their bid for a Championship play-off place in their hands.
As the city of Mykolaiv is shelled, the pieces of artillery left behind can be just as fatal.
Why it would be naive of the West and Nato to think the whole world shares its view of what Russia is doing.
The 10 Russian soldiers are wanted for alleged war crimes - but at home, they have been hailed as heroes.
More than two months after Russia's leader unleashed war on Ukraine, there is no sign yet of when it will end.
Washington accuses Russia of "brutality" - and one man shares his harrowing story of imprisonment.
Vira Hyrych, who worked for Radio Liberty, died after her residential building was hit on Thursday.
While some Russians accept the Kremlin’s parallel reality on Ukraine, others take risks to protest.
Despite an order from Vladimir Putin to completely seal off the area, 20 civilians escape Azovstal.
Sir Lindsay Hoyle and Dame Andrea Leadsom lead calls for a transformation of how parliament operates.
Public health advice has changed to a "stay at home" message for people who are unwell.
Paul Rusesabagina's family accuse the Rwandan government of abduction and torture.
Interest in flats is overtaking demand for terraced homes with the return to office work, research suggests.
Katie Taylor edges Amanda Serrano on points with a split-decision win in an instant classic at Madison Square Garden in New York.
Germany wants to stop property it owns in Italy being seized to finance compensation for Nazi war crimes
The military junta, which took power in a coup last year, gives a timeline for civilian rule.
Prices rise 40% as an economic crisis bites, leaving some Sri Lankans cutting short treatments.
Vulcan bombers from RAF Waddington carried out the attack on the airport at Port Stanley in 1982.
Sir Isaac Newton's apple tree is among those included in the project launched by Prince Charles.
The event, which Donald Trump boycotted during his presidency, had been cancelled due to Covid.
Manchester City move back above Liverpool at the top of the Premier League after comfortably beating Leeds at Elland Road.
The fallout from an MP's resignation over watching pornography in Parliament dominates the Sunday papers.
As the West goes after the assets of Russian oligarchs, the ripples are being felt across the industry.
Ros Atkins looks at why the Chinese government remains committed to its policy of eliminating all outbreaks of coronavirus.
As thousands of Ukrainians are welcomed, the government plans to reduce the number of non-European refugees.
Rachel Hurst is a student at the University of East Anglia helping others to address their climate anxieties.
The lambs are living in Rebecca Bradley's house, until they can move to a school farm.
Hollywood A-lister Angelina Jolie was spotted in a cafe during a trip to Ukraine to meet the child victims of the war.
Fred Parry has called for better access to recovery services in Scotland after his son died aged 32.
After a year of political turmoil, will voters in Sandwell head to the polling booths?
Local elections are taking place next week, and councils' plans for the environment are under the spotlight.
While the government pledges support, school leaders warn the future of small schools is uncertain.
The Premier League title race is now down to who blinks first, and Manchester City showed the nerve and quality of champions who have been over this course before against Leeds United.
Will Katie Taylor remain undefeated or can Puerto Rican star Amanda Serrano strip the Irishwoman of her undisputed lightweight title?
Ronnie O'Sullivan claims a comfortable 17-11 win over John Higgins to book his place in the World Championship final against Judd Trump.
James Milner's 'outstanding' display against Newcastle highlighted the quality of Liverpool's strength in depth - and that may serve them well in their hunt for a quadruple.
England will not reflect on their Women's Six Nations Grand Slam for long with the World Cup around the corner.
Match of the Day's Jermaine Jenas and Danny Murphy discuss Philippe Coutinho's impact at Aston Villa and whether the club should sign him on a permanent basis.
Giovanni van Bronckhorst says Rangers will "go all out" for Old Firm victory as they try to derail Celtic's pursuit of the Scottish Premiership title.
Watch highlights as Khadija Shaw scores four goals for Manchester City during their 7-2 win over Brighton & Hove Albion.
Russian forces say the currency will be used there from Sunday. But many residents have other ideas.
On day 66 of the Ukraine invasion, officials warn of a renewed Russian push.
Trapped for months, dozens of people have now been taken to both Ukraine-held and Russia-held territory.
Figures from NHS England show 2.7million referrals were made for suspected cancer in the last year.
Andy Murray says he is "not supportive" of players from Russia and Belarus being banned from Wimbledon but adds that there is no "right answer" on the issue.
Australia's carrier says its new fleet will be capable of direct flights to any city in the world.
The announcement comes as the streaming giant makes cost cuts after subscriber numbers fell.
It is thought to have been the first time there have been Channel crossings in 11 days.
The blaze destroyed 80 homes after tearing through a crowded settlement near the capital Manila.
The conflict is a "deeply emotional issue" for politicians and the public at home, the diplomat says.
Visitors from 60 countries can now enter the Pacific nation which had sealed its borders since March 2020.
People can again buy free-range eggs after measures to control a bird flu outbreak were relaxed.
Charged with murder, officials warn the prisoner is considered "armed and extremely dangerous".
Despite crashing into two parked cars, no one was hurt in the youngster's early morning escapade.
Problems with NHS cancer care and celebrations of Princess Charlotte's birthday feature in the front pages.
Families have been working together to bring about change for people with Down's syndrome.
They have been taken by the Duchess of Cambridge and released ahead of Charlotte's seventh birthday.
A new 3D female anatomy model is being used to teach first year medical students.
In May 1982, the Argentine cruiser the General Belgrano was sunk by British torpedoes during the war over the Falkland or Malvinas Islands.
Hundreds gathered at the National Monument of Scotland for the celebration from Celtic folklore.
Artist James Cook uses the characters of a typewriter to create pictures.
Many riders face a lack of shelter and safety while delivering supplies in a locked down city.
An uneven recovery from the pandemic leaves graduates struggling to get on the career ladder.
Alliance is running 24 candidates in the election - half of them women - across 18 constituencies.
Partygate is not the main things on voters' minds in Peterborough, ahead of Thursday's local election.
Police told a newspaper that Corrina Bowman's father was "alive and well".
An underground network armed with Facebook and Telegram accounts is helping those who want to leave.
Katie Taylor has already changed a country's view on women's boxing. After reaching the pinnacle of her career, what chance of a historic Irish homecoming?
Six-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan establishes a commanding 12-5 lead over Judd Trump on a feisty first day of the World Championship final.
Jordan Pickford produced a string of saves to help Everton beat Chelsea and boost their hopes of survival.
Watch Ronnie O'Sullivan argue with the referee during the World Snooker Championship final, with the official reprimanding him for making what he believed to be an obscene gesture.
There have been 120 other attempts by 15 English clubs to win the quadruple since 1960 - Liverpool are now closer than any of them to a historic clean sweep.
Mo Farah says it would not "make any sense" to continue racing if he could compete at the top, as he prepares for the London 10,000.
MOTD2 pundit Jonathan Woodgate explains why next week's north London derby will feel like a cup final - with the prize a place in next season's Champions League.
Emma Raducanu rounds out a day of British success at the Madrid Open, with wins too for Dan Evans and wildcard Jack Draper.
Those remaining in the Ukrainian city of Lysychansk near the front line live under constant shelling.
Yuliia ran under gunfire from her bunker to the nearest well so her daughters could get fresh water.
The Red Cross and UN say they are evacuating civilians from Mariupol, and Ukraine busts a war myth.
The "Ghost of Kyiv" story about a heroic pilot downing many Russian planes turns out to be a legend.
British ambassador Melinda Simmons says she is comfortable to return to the capital despite the risks.
Law that guarantees right to abortion described as "egregiously wrong" in document leaked to Politico.
A Ukrainian commander at the Azovstal plant says hundreds are stuck there, despite evacuations on Sunday.
The PM will invoke Churchill in a speech to Ukrainian MPs as he pledges £300m more in military aid.
Ahead of anniversary of the disappearance, Madeleine McCann's parents write poignantly about her.
Hundreds of famous names strike a pose on the museum steps for the over-the-top costume parade.
The former The Weakest Link star is to leave the Channel 4 quiz show after a year and 265 episodes.
EU energy ministers met to discuss a possible ban on Russian oil, but members remain split.
The benchmark Stockholm OMX 30 share index fell by 8% at one point on Monday morning.
The Russian foreign minister's claim that Hitler "had Jewish blood" is denounced as unforgiveable.
Ronnie O'Sullivan claims his seventh World Championship title with an 18-13 win over Judd Trump to equal Stephen Hendry's record in the modern era.
Jacky Hunt-Broersma, who lost her leg to cancer, set an unofficial record for consecutive marathons.
Promoted Fulham clinch the Championship title in style in front of an emphatic Craven Cottage crowd with a 7-0 win over Luton Town.
The Crown Post Offices will close for 24 hours as staff walk out in a dispute over pay.
Reports a fake priest was able to infiltrate an Army barracks are among a mix of stories in the papers.
Ukraine's south has seen heavy fighting as Russia seeks to take key port areas around the Black Sea.
Each year in the Montenegran village of Dinosa, water can be seen gushing from the trunk of a mulberry tree.
As battalion photographer, Tim Rees found himself on the front line of the Falklands War.
Lucy-Marie, who developed tics while she was just eight, wants people to stop judging her.
Regulars at the Glasgow pub were stunned when the singer helped out after the Old Firm game.
The country has reopened its borders to visitors after a pandemic lockout of more than two years.
The Championship side are the first UK football club to host Eid prayers
Britain's most decorated elite climber Shauna Coxsey defends her decision to continue the sport while pregnant.
The three students crashed in wet weather, shortly after posting videos of a tornado in Kansas.
The Beijing investment offers that need to be weighed up by European countries.
The ties between the games industry and the military have been growing stronger in recent years.
Governments that make forest restoration promises they don't keep are accused of greenwashing.
Lucy Lintott was told she had the disease at the age of 19 - and warned she would never be able to have a family.
Nickel is essential for batteries and stainless steel but suppliers are struggling to meet demand.
The Platinum Jubilee marks Queen Elizabeth II's 70 year reign, with a four-day bank holiday in June.
Bowling consistently at speeds above 90mph, Umran Malik has become India's newest fast-bowling sensation.
Brain-scanning technology is being used in the hope of finding ways to make contact sports safer.
Manchester United claim a morale-boosting victory over Brentford to end a run of three Premier League matches without a win.
Watch the moment Ronnie O'Sullivan claims his seventh World Championship title with an 18-13 win over Judd Trump.
Russia is barred from competing in this summer's women's Euro 2022 while Russian clubs will also be banned from Uefa competitions next season.
Britain's Andy Murray beats 2020 US Open champion Dominic Thiem comfortably to reach the second round of the Madrid Open.
Mo Farah is beaten by Ellis Cross in his first race since June while Eilish McColgan misses a British record by two seconds at the Vitality London 10,000.
Ronnie O'Sullivan plays down the achievement of equalling Stephen Hendry's record of seven world titles.
Manchester United interim boss Ralf Rangnick says he is not "completely happy" with his time in charge and admits he expected Champions League qualification.
Politicians from Northern Ireland's five largest parties will debate live on the BBC on Tuesday.
Cost of living, health service, education and climate - compare where the parties stand on key issues.
Professor Sir John Curtice looks at the trends and targets in the final days before the council elections.
Mariupol evacuees have yet to reach safety a day after being allowed out of the besieged steelworks.
Yuliia ran under gunfire from her bunker to the nearest well so her daughters could get fresh water.
Potentially violent and abusive men are offering accommodation to Ukrainian women, BBC News learns.
The leak has stirred expectations that the 1973 decision legalising US abortion could be overturned.
BBC political correspondent Chris Mason takes the parties' temperatures ahead of elections in England.
More than a third of issues examined by the independent adjudicator were related to the pandemic.
The multi-billionaire Tesla boss also said the platform "will always be free for casual users".
James Watt owns a quarter of the fast-growing Aberdeenshire-based beer maker.
Tony Brooks, one of the defining Formula 1 drivers of the 1950s, dies aged 90, his daughter Giulia announced on Tuesday.
He beat six other candidates in a race that set a record for the most money ever spent on an Ohio election.
A massive manhunt is underway for murder suspect Casey White and guard Vicky White.
Amanda Abbington says fiance Jonathan Goodwin is now in a wheelchair after a stunt went wrong.
Haitian authorities say leader of 400 Mawozo gang was extradited to the US for kidnapping Americans.
Liverpool survive a scare against Villarreal to move into the Champions League final - and keep their hopes of winning the quadruple alive.
Calls for a windfall tax after BP announced rising profits are among the stories leading the papers.
A new project by Save Venice discovers women artists of the past whose work was often overlooked.
While Akhil Reghu was being held captive by rebels in Yemen, his wife was trapped by war in Ukraine.
The punk band will re-release two limited edition versions of the controversial single.
Oksana lost her legs, and four fingers, in a landmine explosion when returning home.
One of fashion's biggest events has rolled out the red carpet in New York for some of the world's stars.
Winner of the Vitality London 10,000 road race, Ellis Cross, shares what it is like to beat the former Olympic champion.
Oil prices are at an eight-year high, so why won't oil exporting countries bring them down?
Can protests sparked by the economic crisis bridge Sri Lanka's religious and ethnic divides?
With exams coming up, students are turning to Yehya's live study streams to revise.
The university centre received more than £3m in government funding to help businesses create VR.
Skateboarder Destiny hones her craft and vlogging skills in homeschooling lessons.
Labour are calling for a windfall tax on the profits of oil and gas companies.
A leaked document claims the US Supreme Court is in favour of overturning the right to abortion.
Liverpool's quadruple hopes were hanging in the balance at half-time against Villarreal but they found a way to make it to the Champions League final.
Kieffer Moore sends Bournemouth back to the Premier League with a late winner against Nottingham Forest.
Britain's Andy Murray will face old rival Novak Djokovic for the first time since 2017 after beating Canada's Denis Shapovalov at the Madrid Open.
Emma Raducanu misses out on a place in the Madrid Open quarter-finals after struggling with a back injury in defeat by Ukraine's Anhelina Kalinina.
Watch Coventry United's Mollie Green score a 97th-minute free-kick to beat Watford 1-0 and save her side from relegation.
Lukaku has no interest in joining AC Milan or Newcastle, Barcelona will listen to De Jong offers, Ten Hag wants a centre-back at Man Utd, plus more.
After a thrilling Champions League semi-final first leg, Manchester City face Real Madrid looking to reach a second successive final.
The debate was the final opportunity for leaders to go head-to-head before polling day on Thursday.
The famous pollster reveals how he works, sleeps, eats and predicts who will become the next PM.
For the first time in Northern Ireland's 100-year existence, a nationalist party, Sinn Féin may become the largest party ahead of the unionist DUP, writes the BBC's Emma Vardy.
Russia has shifted most of the focus of its war to eastern Ukraine, aiming to "liberate" the region.
The UN says more than 11 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Stop in a village in the region west of Kyiv, and you will hear a story of someone who vanished.
Russian forces are continuing to make slow progress around the eastern city of Izyum but Ukrainian resistance is stopping advances elsewhere.
64-year-old Tatyana is one of many Ukrainians who have lost their homes to Russian attacks.
More than 100 evacuees from Mariupol arrived in Zaporizhzhia, while Russia resumed its bombardment.
Antytila, one of the biggest acts in Ukraine, are fighting Russian troops following the invasion.
Russia has threatened to cut off gas supplies if countries ban its oil.
Nato faces one of the biggest challenges in its history with Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
The Ukrainian president appeals for fresh UN help as Russians reportedly enter the city's last holdout.
Local elections are taking place in Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and many parts of England.
Taking the stand, Amber Heard alleges a pattern of violence from the Pirates of the Caribbean star.
Boris Johnson and Japanese PM Fumio Kishida are expected to agree a defensive partnership.
Manchester City suffer one of the most remarkable Champions League collapses as Real Madrid come back from the abyss to set up a final showdown with Liverpool.
Gen Sir John McColl says hundreds of Afghans who worked for the UK now fear for their lives.
Dairo Antonio Úsuga, better known as Otoniel, was captured in October, ending a seven-year manhunt.
Florida judge says Andrew Fahie can be released on a $500,000 bond ahead of trial for drug smuggling.
The Federal Reserve is under pressure as the US grapples with its worst inflation in four decades.
The firm said almost all of that loss was a due to falls in the value of investments in other companies.
Michael Murray says high streets will be "different" ahead of a new look Sports Direct store opening.
The 75-year woodland study has measured a marked seasonal shift in the timing of egg-laying in spring.
There is a football theme in the papers as the Sun reports Three Lions could be dropped by the FA.
The winners of the 37th Association of Photographers (AOP) Awards are revealed.
After the Myanmar military entered his village, Joseph fled into the jungle but his 13-year-old was killed.
Radio 1 Newsbeat explores what's being done to make hair salons more inclusive for black people.
Moeketsi Manake and his family talk about losing everything, including their house, in the Durban floods.
The Argentina shirt worn by Diego Maradona when he scored his 'Hand of God' goal against England at the 1986 World Cup sells for £7.1m
The Spice Girl is honoured at Buckingham Palace for services to charity and vulnerable women.
Valencia's roads and public transport were closed and a team of ambulance workers had to be rescued.
A landmark genealogy project is unearthing the names of enslaved people whose stories were erased.
The Microsoft tycoon talks to the BBC about divorce, conspiracy theories and Elon Musk.
Lockdowns in some of China's major manufacturing areas are disrupting exports of goods to other countries.
Irish author Emilie Pine on baby loss and neurodiversity in her debut novel Ruth & Pen.
Preservation groups warn that Jamestown, Virginia, may not survive another generation because of climate change.
The pop star talks lockdown blues, singing Nirvana at school, and why she moved all her gold discs.
Nowhere is the challenge of abandoning Russian oil clearer than in the refinery town, Schwedt.
The Women's Super League title will be decided on the final day of the season after Arsenal beat rivals Tottenham at the Emirates.
The Women's Super League title will be decided on the final day of the season after Arsenal's victory over rivals Tottenham at the Emirates Stadium.
Birmingham City were one of the founding members of the WSL so how have they fallen to the second tier?
Without the money to make it back, Richarlison left home for one last shot. That gamble led him to the Premier League.
Billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe says he is "not giving up" on taking over Chelsea despite receiving "no communication" about his £4.25bn offer.
Pep Guardiola says Manchester City must "process" their remarkable Champions League semi-final loss and "come back" as they look to defend their Premier League title.
Voters are choosing councillors in England, Scotland and Wales, and a government in Northern Ireland.
The rules on everything from whether you can take a selfie to voting while drunk.
Find out how to keep up to date with live election results on TV, radio, online and social media.
The BBC is not allowed to report details of campaigning while the polls are open.
Russia has threatened to cut off gas supplies if countries ban its oil.
Thousands of disabled Ukrainian children reportedly left in institutions that can’t care for them.
The government has launched two schemes to let Ukrainian refugees come to the UK.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Russian forces are continuing to make slow progress around the eastern city of Izyum but Ukrainian resistance is stopping advances elsewhere.
A weekly event for about 50 refugees allows families to meet, share a meal and get support.
The UN says more than 12 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Rates rise to 1% from 0.75%, their highest level since 2009, in a bid to tackle soaring inflation.
Russia says it will give civilians safe passage on Friday, but Ukrainian fighters must surrender.
Amber Heard says jealousy of actor James Franco sent Johnny Depp into a rage on a plane.
Andrew Fahie is removed as leader of the overseas territory following a no-confidence vote.
Rangers' dream season in Europe will culminate in a Europa League final against Eintracht Frankfurt after they swept aside RB Leipzig on another emotionally charged and memorable night at Ibrox.
The retailer said on Thursday that it was increasingly likely it would enter administration.
The monarch intends to deliver her speech outlining the government's policies next Tuesday.
Suicide prevention charity Samaritans says calls to its helpline related to loneliness have increased since Covid.
Karine Jean-Pierre will replace Jen Psaki in the top role at the end of next week.
Swiss police seized 500kg of the drug after workers found white powder in a shipment of coffee beans.
Only 10 of the small silver porpoises are left on the planet, but genetic studies offer new hope.
It will be the first story narrated in British Sign Language in the programme's history.
Rising interest rates, inflation and a recession warning are on almost all the front pages.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Australia's contestant Sheldon Riley will compete in Turin with his powerful song Not The Same.
A lack of fuel, ice, and places to sell their catch has left fishermen in Jaffna in the lurch.
A selection of the best photos from across Africa this week.
Keira Knightley and Naomie Harris call for action against bullying in the entertainment industry.
The Kenyan villagers were on alert after some of their livestock had recently gone missing.
Voters in many parts of the UK are voting today - some with four-legged friends by their side.
Satellite images show gusts of up to 60mph blowing dust across Colorado and plumes of smoke in New Mexico.
Emma Raducanu hopes to inspire the next generation by taking her US Open trophy to schools.
A new report suggests other countries had more excess deaths than US during the pandemic.
MP George Eustice has urged shoppers to choose supermarket own brands to help cut living costs.
His father was a dictator, his mum known for her 3,000 pairs of shoes - now "Bongbong" Marcos could lead the Philippines.
Europe's bike firms want to source more components closer to home, including carbon fibre frames.
How lockdown anxiety inspired the folk-rock star's most devastating album to date.
Interest rates are one of the main tools used to keep the UK economy growing steadily.
A 75-year woodland study shows a marked seasonal shift in the timing of egg-laying in spring.
Ruth Dodsworth speaks of the coercive control she endured by her husband in a new TV programme.
Civilian volunteers are going to the front line, but some have been detained by Russian forces.
West Ham's European dream is over as they are beaten by Eintracht Frankfurt in their Europa League semi-final.
Formula 1 has arrived in Miami, but with a 'fake marina' and a Super Bowl-style opening ceremony, will the race live up to the hype?
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says "we were so close", after his side concede three late goals to Real Madrid and lose 6-5 on aggregate in their Champions League semi-final.
Leicester City missed out on a place in the Europa Conference League final after losing 1-0 at Roma.
Ryan Tafazolli and Sam Vokes are on target as Wycombe earn a two-goal lead to take to MK Dons in their play-off semi-final.
Essex are fined £50,000 by the England and Wales Cricket Board after pleading guilty to two charges relating to a racist comment made in 2017.
West Ham boss David Moyes says his side lost their Europa League semi-final tie with Eintracht Frankfurt in the first minute of the first leg last week.
What to watch out for as the May 2022 election results start coming in.
Find out who won in the national elections in Northern Ireland and local elections in the rest of the UK.
Local elections in England, Wales and Scotland, and a general election in Northern Ireland, took place on 5 May.
The pilots from Germany are flying medical supplies to the Ukraine-Poland border and helping refugees.
The UN says more than 12 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Vladimir Putin has made it an annual event, but amid war in Ukraine 9 May has taken on new significance.
Vladimir Putin set conditions to allow civilians out of Mariupol steelworks - your round-up of the latest events in the Ukraine-Russia war.
Russian forces are continuing to make slow progress around the eastern city of Izyum but Ukrainian resistance is stopping advances elsewhere.
The Conservatives lose nearly 500 council seats, while the Lib Dems make big gains in southern England.
The Alliance Party has also increased its first preference vote, while the DUP's has dropped.
Labour overtakes the Conservatives to finish second, with Tory leader Douglas Ross blaming Partygate.
With almost all Welsh results in, Tories speak of "pain" and both Labour and Plaid Cymru make gains.
Any deal would depend on President Putin pulling forces back to pre-invasion positions, he says.
The Scheherazade has been undergoing repairs and is being seized under EU sanctions.
Cost of living pressures mean a likely resurgence in people struggling to repay existing debt, a charity warns.
Mass graves are being dug up to hide evidence of killing in western Tigray, witnesses say.
Local officials blamed a gas leak for the explosion at the five-star Saratoga Hotel in Havana, Cuba.
Cases are being detected worldwide but UK scientists are no clearer on what's behind the rise.
Police say they have new information about a visit during which the Labour leader drank beer in an MP's office.
The Queen decides only working royals will appear on Buckingham Palace's balcony for the Platinum Jubilee.
The front pages focus on the elections and the investigation into whether the Labour leader broke lockdown rules.
Bought for just $35 by a sharp-eyed customer, the ancient artefact is now on display in a museum.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Sarah Weddington was just 26 years old when she argued her case in front of the US Supreme Court.
The event will be taking place on 1 August 2022 at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
We've rounded up some of the under-the radar moments from counts across the UK.
As Labour gains Westminster and Wandsworth, the BBC talks to voters in the two "true blue" boroughs.
Lutfur Rahman was removed from office in 2015 after being found guilty of electoral fraud.
There were a mix of cheers and disappointment in England as parties react to local election results.
Two out of eight women who stood for election in the Western Isles have been successful.
Amber Heard testified about Depp's drunken rages and allegations of emotional and physical abuse.
The Platinum Jubilee marks Queen Elizabeth II's 70 year reign, with a four-day bank holiday in June.
She has rallied tens of thousands of young voters. But can she beat frontrunner Bongbong Marcos?
Police investigate whether a gathering involving Keir Starmer broke Covid rules.
It is one of the options being considered to tackle rock falls at the historic path in Edinburgh.
One city is trying to bounce back and find the answers after dozens of empty stores.
George Russell is fastest in Friday practice at the Miami Grand Prix in Mercedes' most competitive showing by far this season.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp questions why almost half the tickets for the Champions League final against Real Madrid are not allocated to the clubs.
Watch as Ben Stokes hits 34 off a single over as he reached his century in 64 balls during his innings for Durham at Worcester.
Ryan Bader grinds out a unanimous decision victory over home favourite Cheick Kongo at Bellator 280 in Paris to retain his heavyweight title.
Manchester United snubbed Ralf Rangnick's plea to bring in a new striker on January transfer deadline day, the German interim boss said.
Sunderland take a narrow lead to Hillsborough with a League One play-off semi first-leg win over Sheffield Wednesday.
Six Spanish tennis players are given lengthy bans after they were convicted of criminal charges relating to match-fixing.
The Victory Day parade in Red Square is days away and speculation is rife about how Putin may use it.
How does a European country stay neutral when war rages in Europe? Many Swiss are rethinking their position.
The EU is proposing to sanction Alina Kabaeva, an ex-gymnast turned media boss close to President Vladimir Putin.
The EU could target Putin's alleged girlfriend with sanctions and Zelensky talks of peace conditions - day's our round-up.
The UN says more than 12 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Vladimir Putin has made it an annual event, but amid war in Ukraine 9 May has taken on new significance.
The government has launched two schemes to let Ukrainian refugees come to the UK.
Russian forces are continuing to make slow progress around the eastern city of Izyum but Ukrainian resistance is stopping advances elsewhere.
Results so far on Friday show Lib Dems, not Labour, capitalising on Tory losses.
Find out who won in the national elections in Northern Ireland and local elections in the rest of the UK.
Boris Johnson acknowledges his party had a 'tough night' as Sir Keir Starmer dubs the election results a 'massive turning point' for Labour.
Glenn Campbell looks at the winners and losers in Scotland's council elections.
Leader Sir Ed Davey has hailed wins for his party at local elections, with over 180 new councillors elected.
Council leaders say Downing Street lockdown parties and the cost of living drove away voters.
What does the loss of Westminster, Wandsworth and Barnet councils mean for Boris Johnson's leadership?
What to watch out for as the May 2022 election results come in.
Find out how to keep up to date with live election results on TV, radio, online and social media.
The party has won 27 seats in the Stormont assembly election, while the DUP returned with 25.
All elderly people, women and children have left the Azovstal plant in Mariupol, say Ukraine and Russia.
An EU ban on oil and gas from Russia would limit its ability to fight in Ukraine, Sergeii Marchenko says.
The BBC's Chris Mason looks at a fractious picture across Westminster, and the UK.
Police are probing whether the Labour leader broke Covid rules at an MP's office in Durham in 2021.
The Queen grants the BBC access to hundreds of private home movies shot by the Royal Family.
Ministers call boarded-up premises a "blight" and say councils need stronger powers over landlords.
John Lee's appointment is being seen as a move by China to tighten its grip on the city.
The former Brazilian president says he wants to unite the country and defend its democracy.
Bald and Bankrupt vlogger Benjamin Rich was held in Kazakhstan, Russia's space agency says.
Scientists call for electronic waste to be mined for precious metals as supplies of new materials become ‘unsustainable’.
Rich Strike, a 80-1 outsider, won the race despite only being brought in after a horse dropped out.
Actor Stephen Graham is among the nominees at the Royal Festival Hall ceremony on Sunday.
Sinn Fein's victory in Northern Ireland's Assembly elections leads several of Sunday's front pages.
Efforts to protect these beautiful insects include driving electric tractors and hand-rearing them in a lab.
Ros Atkins explains why Victory Day is such an important date in Russia.
Sinn Féin's election success means a nationalist party is the largest at Stormont for the first time.
"Historic" extreme weather likely to stoke New Mexico fire, which is already the size of Chicago.
Carmen Sanchez launched her foundation in Mexico to help survivors of attacks rebuild their lives.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The BBC correspondent, who was diagnosed with PTSD in 2008, explores the effects of the condition and how it can be treated.
As the republican party's popularity rises in Stormont and Dublin, a look at its journey to the top.
Mass funerals are held in South Africa after the country's most deadly natural disaster.
Heatwaves, wildfires, floods and droughts highlight how extreme weather is linked to climate change.
How have young business people found the comeback from coronavirus lockdowns?
“They are always after women” rather than tackling Afghanistan’s many problems, one activist told the BBC.
Voters in the Philippines presidential election are facing an onslaught of online lies.
A woman who was filmed in the shower by a man who targeted 167 others says she has had no justice.
Chelsea have agreed terms on a sale, but who are the key names in the consortium buying the club?
Luis Diaz salvages a point for Liverpool against Tottenham to take the Reds top of the Premier League on goal difference.
Charles Leclerc leads Carlos Sainz in a Ferrari front-row lock-out at the inaugural Miami Grand Prix.
Manchester United are thrashed by a rampant Brighton - a result that confirms United cannot qualify for next season's Champions League.
Spanish teenager Carlos Alcaraz shocks world number one Novak Djokovic in three sets to reach the Madrid Open final.
Wigan withstand a stunning second-half fightback from St Helens to beat the holders and reach their first Challenge Cup final for five years.
Tunisia's Ons Jabeur recovers from a mid-match struggle to become the first African player to win a WTA 1000 event.
Two women recall what happened when Russia took over a strategically-important city in the Donbas.
Russia's Victory Day parade won't represent any sort of victory over Ukraine, writes defence analyst Michael Clarke.
A humanitarian operation at the Azovstal plant is over and Ukraine's Kharkiv counter-offensive continues.
Ukraine's military claims it has regained control of five villages close to the country's second city.
The Victory Day parade in Red Square is days away and speculation is rife about how Putin may use it.Victory Day parade: All eyes on Moscow - and what Putin does next
How does a European country stay neutral when war rages in Europe? Many Swiss are rethinking their position.
Party performance, seat gains, council changes and more all presented in maps and charts.
The party's deputy leader is set to become Northern Ireland's first nationalist first minister.
Results so far on Friday show Lib Dems, not Labour, capitalising on Tory losses.
About 90 people had been sheltering in the building which Ukraine says was hit by a Russian bomb.
The US first lady met her Ukrainian counterpart as Washington sanctions 2,600 individuals.
The secretary of state says Northern Ireland needs "a stable and accountable government".
England's schools regulator says such schools are often unsafe and do not provide a full education.
Visits are announced to Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland to mark the Queen's 70-year reign.
The penalties will target £1.7bn of trade to further weaken Vladimir Putin's Ukraine invasion.
A forced move to universal credit, which begins on Monday, raises fears for vulnerable claimants.
Watchdog warns of "deepening crisis" in England as patients find it harder to access NHS treatment.
The number of those struggling to buy food rises by 57% in three months, according to a survey.
Millions are casting their vote in an election that could see the Marcos family sweep back into office.
MPs say the growth of online culture has outpaced employment and advertising regulations.
The TV chef is among the big winners, with Jodie Comer and Sean Bean scooping the top acting prizes.
Speeches by the Ukrainian President and the UK defence secretary feature on several front pages.
Artist George Butler has recently returned to the UK after a month spent in Ukraine.
Staff at a £14m recycling facility help manually sort through 85,000 tonnes of waste each year.
The cream of British TV talent is honoured at this year's Bafta Television Awards in London.
The U2 frontman was seen singing at a downtown metro station covering the hit track Stand by Me.
Find out if your favourite TV programmes and actors have won a Bafta at Sunday's ceremony.
The star of Netflix's Sex Education will replace Jodie Whittaker in the BBC science fiction show.
The party's road to election success is remarkable - but how well can they and the DUP work together?
The Hawker Hurricane, which flew in the Battle of Britain, delighted onlookers in Southampton.
The airline plans to remove a row of seats so that it can fly with fewer cabin crew on board.
A portrait stored in an attic could be the first genuine image of the Civil War leader's mother.
Unprecedented protests in Colombo are unifying a nation where ethnic fault lines run deep.
South Korea's incoming president promises to take a hard line on North Korea’s military escalations.
From Ant and Dec's pranks on celebrities to Mo Gilligan's hunt for the perfect kitchen island.
Some managers think artificial intelligence helps remove their bias but others think it's cheating.
The 66th edition of the song contest is bringing fans and artists together in more ways than one.
Strains on the United Kingdom are laid bare by a remarkable set of election results, writes Chris Mason.
The Labour leader urged Boris Johnson to quit over a police inquiry, but is now himself being investigated.
The party says it will not allow a new government to form unless changes are made to the Brexit deal.
The party has become the third biggest in the Northern Ireland Assembly for the first time.
The ex-security chief was essentially handpicked by Beijing and is set to prioritise law enforcement.
Manchester City thrash Newcastle United to move three points clear of Liverpool at the top of the Premier League.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen survives a late-race assault from title rival Charles Leclerc's Ferrari to win the inaugural Miami Grand Prix.
Chelsea win a historic third successive WSL title in dramatic fashion on the final day of the season with victory over Manchester United.
Mark Cavendish makes it two British wins in two days at the Giro d'Italia as he out-sprints the peloton to win the third stage on Sunday.
Which player gave Raphael Varane nightmares? Who has run out of steam? And is the title race over? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
Sale Sharks' Alex Sanderson says the lower Premiership salary cap is making it harder for English teams to compete with French sides in Europe.
Watch Chelsea lift the WSL trophy after they win a historic third successive title on the final day of the season with victory over Manchester United.
The BBC's security correspondent Frank Gardner looks at the case for and against Finland and Sweden joining Nato.
Civilians sheltering at a school in Ukraine are targeted as Western leaders pledge more support for Ukraine - your round-up.
Holocaust survivors in the Ukrainian city of Uman feel insulted by Russian claims to be fighting Nazis.
A railway bridge close to Kyiv has been rebuilt, just a month after it was destroyed by Russian attacks.
As Vadim and his father tried to rescue their dogs, they were fired upon by a convoy they believe was Russian.
Party performance, seat gains, council changes and more all presented in maps and charts.
Prince Charles will outline the government's plans after the Queen pulled out due to "mobility problems".
The Labour leader is under pressure as police investigate if rules were broken in April 2021.
Casey White and guard Vicky White were suspected of having struck up a relationship.
Scientists say there's now a strong chance that the world will warm by more than 1.5C by 2026.
Couples tell BBC News the delays are keeping them apart, with no idea when they will be reunited.
The record-breaking sum is the highest ever paid for either an American or 20th Century work of art.
But scientists say any short-term protection against infection is likely to fall away quickly.
Angry mobs burnt down homes belonging to the Rajapaksa family and MPs after clashes with government supporters.
The home secretary expects the government proposal to face "hurdles and barriers" from lawyers.
Sales of used cars have risen, with greener electric and hybrid vehicles climbing fastest.
Campaigners say the aviation industry cannot be relied on to tackle their role in climate change.
Ecuador is battling a wave of deadly gang violence and has seen its worst prison riots in history.
The podcast host says she is now receiving hospice care at home for her terminal bowel cancer.
The front pages cover the Labour leader's pledge to quit if fined and the Queen missing her speech.
Michelle is the only girl to win gold in the UK's 10 categories of World Maths Day Global Challenge.
How a meal while Covid restrictions were in place became a political headache for Sir Keir Starmer.
The New York Times says the choice of the solution "fetus" amid US abortion debate was a coincidence.
The tooth of the world's largest-ever shark could be up to 20 million years old, an expert says.
Rebekah Vardy's legal claim against Coleen Rooney for libel is starting in London's High Court.
Six Eurovision commentators share their most memorable moments, including a presidential petition.
South Africa has one of the highest rates of kidnapping in the world, as Lesego Tau's ordeal shows.
Ncuti Gatwa is preparing to take on the role of one of British TV's most iconic characters.
Dr Bruno Demichelis was the man behind AC Milan's 'Mind Room' - a psychology lab that helped the club to their glory years.
Two current elite female runners tell BBC Sport transgender female athletes should compete in a "male open category" in order to "protect women's sport".
The Labour leader's political fate is now in the hands of the Durham police.
Patrick Roberts' injury-time goal earns Sunderland a place in the League One play-off final after they hold Sheffield Wednesday to a draw.
Erling Haaland's £63m summer move from Borussia Dortmund to Manchester City could be confirmed this week.
Eilidh Barbour was among guests who left a gala dinner in Glasgow in protest at offensive jokes.
Chelsea striker Sam Kerr scores two sensational goals against Manchester United to help clinch the WSL title.
Defending champion Phil Mickelson and 15-time major winner Tiger Woods are named in the 156-man field for the US PGA Championship in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Bruce Buck is set to remain as Chelsea chairman as part of a prospective new-look board following the sale of the club.
Major League Baseball is to return to London, with regular season games taking place in 2023, 2024 and 2026.
President Putin made several claims about Ukraine and Nato in his speech at a military parade in Moscow.
Social media accounts using pictures copied from famous and unknown people are tweeting in favour of Russia.
A clash of loyalties is dividing opinion among the residents of Bakhmut in Ukraine's eastern Donbas region.
The moment red liquid is thrown over Russia's ambassador to Poland at a WWII cemetery.
Russia's leader compares his invasion to WW2 and an ambassador has red paint thrown in his face.
The Russian leader uses Victory Day to tie the war in Ukraine to the fight against Nazi Germany.
What can the national trends in the council election tell us about how the country's politics could be changing?
But an overhaul of planning rules scraps controversial rules making it harder to block development.
Rising prices and higher taxes are squeezing Britons' budgets, according to researchers.
Boris Johnson will meet the leaders of both nations, as they debate whether to join Nato.
The US National Intelligence director warns the Russian president could turn to "more drastic means".
Kalush Orchestra, who are tipped to win the song contest, secured an easy victory in the first semi-final.
Whoever successfully claims Tuesday night's top prize will be Britain's biggest-ever lottery winner.
The podcaster says even after five years with cancer knowing she is nearing the end is "still shocking"
London Mayor Sadiq Khan blames Donald Trump's election for a sharp rise in "explicitly racist" messages.
Sundiata Acoli, 85, has been in prison for almost five decades for the 1973 murder of a policeman.
The NSPCC has seen a 29% increase in reports of harmful sexual behaviour between young people.
The foreign secretary Lizz Truss says she will not shy away from taking "decisive action".
The final version of the 19m-long Prime rocket is to be launched from a site in Sutherland.
The Advertising Standards Authority banned the campaign which used swear word substitutes like "shiitake".
The front pages focus on Prince Charles giving the Queen's Speech and footballers' wives in court.
The Omicron variant overwhelmed the city's healthcare system resulting in many deaths.
An exhibition in Oxford tells how Howard Carter's team excavated the pharaoh's tomb 100 years ago.
The actor glued his hand to a Manhattan Starbucks counter over a surcharge on vegan milk.
Prince Charles and Prince William attended the State Opening of Parliament in the Queen's absence.
Opposition MPs noticed the familiar background on Liberal MP Shafqat Ali's screen.
The BBC's Laura Trevelyan travels to the island of Grenada to investigate her family's slave-owning past.
The show returns to London, with a diverse cast, same-sex dancing and empowered female characters.
The outcome could be very significant for the climate, says one of the country's top scientists.
The sports bra is honoured as a serious invention. The women behind its creation are chuffed.
There are 40 countries taking part with hopes of taking home the prized trophy.
The lives of Coventry's South Asian immigrants are recorded in Maganbhai 'Masterji' Patel's photos.
Sadio Mane scores the winner as Liverpool come from behind to beat Aston Villa and keep their Premier League title hopes alive.
Manchester City reach an agreement to sign prolific Norway striker Erling Haaland from Borussia Dortmund.
British number one Emma Raducanu is again hampered by a back injury as she is forced to retire from her Italian Open first-round match.
Former England and Surrey batter Graham Thorpe is "seriously ill" in hospital, say the Professional Cricketers' Association.
Watch five brilliant goals scored by 21-year-old forward Erling Haaland including super strikes and a "beautiful volley" as he Manchester City announce they have "reached agreement" to sign the Norwegian from Borussia Dortmund.
BBC Sport asks two scientists to explore both the cases for transgender inclusion and the 'protection of fairness' of women's sport.
It would be a historic shift if they do and Russia is vehemently opposed to the change.
Russia has been hammered by sanctions introduced by Western countries since its invasion of Ukraine.
In occupied Kherson, Russia has made the rouble the currency - an independence referendum may be next.
The Ukrainian city of Izyum has been under Russian occupation since the beginning of April.
New data shows a 77% spike in the number of safety incidents involving ambulances over the past year.
Legal advisers say the post-Brexit deal can be overridden to preserve the Good Friday Agreement.
State media report the country's first outbreak, but observers believe the virus has long been present.
The pair are among those to donate to the podcast host's cancer research fund, which has topped £3m.
Fifty drone routes could bring mail to remote communities such as the Hebrides and Isles of Scilly.
The unnamed passenger can be heard in recordings saying he had "no idea how to stop the airplane".
Healthcare leaders issue a plea to politicians, saying the "price of political instability is severe".
Wealthier countries must share the cost of global vaccinations, tests and treatments, the former PM says.
The number of big firms setting climate targets reaches a 'critical mass' say UN-backed researchers.
The FDA leader will use a speech to criticise "crass" notes left by minister Jacob Rees-Mogg.
A new report says the government must do more to protect the land, the air and waters.
Stella Creasy says she remains "terrified" of seeing the men who allegedly harassed her in the 1990s.
Ten African languages are among the additions to the US tech giant's interpretation tool.
The papers cover a row over the cost of living and an agreement to defend Finland and Sweden.
Evangelical Christian women of colour were kingmakers in Brazil's last presidential election and look set to be so again.
Tyshawn Sorey creates "Monochromatic Light (Afterlife)" to celebrate the famous art space, Rothko's Chapel's 50th anniversary.
The car is seen drifting towards traffic before strangers intervened on a busy road in Florida.
The firm's first own-brand watch combines Google's operating system and Fitbit health tracking tech.
Attempts to contact the driver whose BMW was left outlined in asphalt have so far proved fruitless.
For the first time in two years, students are sitting exams across the UK - so what has changed?
Poor design means disabled children cannot use their local playgrounds, say campaigners.
Michael Gove failed to commit to the government's new-homes target, so what's happening to it?
A small but growing number of people are quitting their day jobs to focus solely on their activism.
The BBC investigates a network of Nigerian separatists outside the country urging violence online.
The Loki star on his thought-provoking role as a Victorian pastor in TV series The Essex Serpent.
Celtic win the Scottish Premiership title for the 10th time in 11 seasons after drawing with Dundee United at Tannadice.
Kevin de Bruyne's stunning four-goal haul helps Manchester City thump Wolves and restores their three-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
Leeds boss Jesse Marsch has a feeling of "deja vu" as his side concede early and have a player sent off - with their 3-0 defeat by Chelsea keeping them in the relegation zone.
Match of the Day's Ashley Williams and Martin Keown discuss Kevin De Bruyne's "sensational" performance as he scores four goals in Manchester City's 5-1 victory over Wolves in the Premier League.
Greg Norman says "we've all made mistakes" as he fields questions on Saudi Arabia's human rights record and the murder of dissident journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
Florence Griffith-Joyner's 100m world record of 10.49 seconds has stood for almost 34 years. Will Olympic champion Elaine Thompson-Herah break it in 2022?
Kevin de Bruyne scores four and chooses to welcome Erling Haaland to Manchester City by copying the Borussia Dortmund striker's goal celebration during an "unstoppable" performance.
Correspondent Quentin Sommerville and cameraman Darren Conway are with Ukrainian troops as they advance.
Nato members step up their military support for Ukraine as Sweden and Finland consider joining.
A month after playing at the Australian Open, Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky dropped everything and left to fight for his country.
This rocky outcrop has been fiercely contested for weeks and has vital strategic importance.
A senior intelligence official says a cyber-war raging over Ukraine could escalate further.
The UK signs security agreements with Finland and Sweden while Ukraine's Eurovision band qualifies for the final.
In occupied Kherson, Moscow-imposed authorities plan to ask for the city to be annexed by Russia.
Boris Johnson wants staffing to return to 2016 levels to free up cash to address the cost of living.
The podcast host, who is receiving end-of-life care for cancer, said she was "blown away" by the honour.
The foreign secretary urges allies to only lift sanctions after Moscow withdraws its troops.
A day after confirming its first cases, state media reports thousands are suffering fever symptoms.
Kwasi Kwarteng says there may be a "small effect" on energy bills under a new nuclear funding model.
Jemma Melvin's creation is inspired by a lemon posset served at the Queen's wedding to Prince Philip.
One of the senior executives was on parental leave when he learned he was out of a job.
The Indian parents say they used up their savings raising their son and paying for his wedding.
Staff Sgt Seth Michael Plant, a veteran of the war in Afghanistan, was fatally mauled by the animal.
It could help thousands of women avoid invasive surgery, experts advising the NHS say.
Queensland is enduring its second flood emergency in three months, with several regions on alert.
Participants will be given their personal plastic footprint at the end of the week.
Ireland go home after Thursday's semi-final, despite a warm reception for Derry girl Brooke Scullion.
The papers cover tensions over the Northern Ireland Protocol and a cancer campaigner's damehood.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The BBC joined Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra as they prepared for the contest amid the rubble of the city of Irpin.
Ukrainian refugee Marharyta, nine, is learning English as she waits to start school in Manchester.
Americans are taking stock after the pandemic's death toll in the US reaches a grim milestone.
A ban on conversion therapy for gay and bisexual people in England and Wales will not cover trans people.
Heatwaves, wildfires, floods and droughts highlight how extreme weather is linked to climate change.
The UK contestant is one of the favourites to win the contest, but he's trying not think about it.
A spate of Islamic State attacks have left Afghan students in fear and test Taliban security claims.
From door frames to aircraft and food packaging - how soaring prices will impact the world economy.
A new novel follows the men who owned up to making crop circles - but some of the mystery remains.
Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says "a beautiful game was destroyed" as his side suffers a damaging blow in their top-four hopes with a north London derby defeat at Tottenham.
Harry Kane scores twice as Tottenham beat 10-man Arsenal in the north London derby and move to within one point of the Premier League top four.
Newcastle make Dominic Calvert-Lewin their summer priority, Bayern Munich enter Pogba race, Lewandowski to Barca, plus more
Sebastian Vettel says the global climate crisis has made him question whether racing in Formula 1 is the right thing to do.
The incident, captured on video seen by the BBC, is being investigated as a suspected war crime.
India has been under pressure to distance itself from Russia over Ukraine, including reducing defence ties.
The government has launched two schemes to let Ukrainian refugees come to the UK.
Ukrainian civilians shot in the back, Finland's Nato membership bid draws threat from Russia, and Shell sells out.
The BBC podcaster also revealed her bowel cancer charity fund has now raised more than £5m.
But health groups criticise the move to pause the ban on unhealthy food offers and some advertising.
The DUP's leader says the move shows his party is "serious" about resolving the NI Protocol.
From the planet's oldest act to a dance routine with a hand basin, get ready for music's maddest night.
Mrs Rooney appeared in the witness box on day four of the libel case, brought by Rebekah Vardy.
Actor Richard Mylan challenges the stigma of addicts in the hope more drug users seek recovery.
All you need to know about Saturday's FA Cup final at Wembley between Chelsea and Liverpool, which is live on BBC One.
Police with riot gear hit mourners, saying they were pelted with stones, as crowds carry her coffin.
Defending champion Phil Mickelson withdraws from next week's PGA Championship, say tournament organisers.
The women, aged 35 and 34, are held after an eight-month-old girl died following a "medical episode".
Former Iran detainee asks Boris Johnson why it took so long to get her home at No 10 meeting.
Specialists think it is likely he is dead and treatment should stop but his parents dispute this.
The thieves were unaware of its value and sold it to an amateur collector for less than $25 (£20).
The papers cover Prince William's home visit to see Deborah James and the latest from the Wagatha Christie libel trial.
Eurovision host Rylan Clark tells us what to watch out for on Saturday night.
Ros Atkins explains why the issues surrounding a key part of the UK’s Brexit deal with the EU are not resolved.
A student inspired by a BBC TV show about 19th Century lesbians wears Victorian clothing full-time.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Richard Jenkins took the photos and his family found the negatives in a concealed cupboard.
Following the death of a blind man who fell off a train platform, how rare is this kind of incident?
Some 20 million people face severe hunger but aid agencies say the world's attention is on Ukraine.
Deborah James' experience has raised questions about how good the UK is at spotting and treating the disease.
With Earth's natural resources running out, people are looking to mineral-rich asteroids to meet demand.
Boris Johnson says the Northern Ireland Brexit deal he negotiated is "turning into a political problem".
Why the streaming age means it is harder for new comedies to make the whole nation laugh.
A son is duty-bound to look after parents but must he deliver grandchildren too?
American Logan Storley grinded out a dominating win over Brit Michael 'Venom' Page in London to claim the Bellator interim welterweight title.
The Championship play-off semi-final between Luton and Huddersfield is finely poised after the first leg ends in a draw.
Ji So-yun will chase a fourth FA Cup title this Sunday in her last game for Chelsea and the Wembley stage is a fitting farewell.
British 200m world champion Dina Asher-Smith is well beaten in her Diamond League opener as American Gabby Thomas serves up a reminder of the event's strength in depth.
Paul 'Semtex' Daley, in his final Bellator fight, lands a vicious right hook on Giacomo to knock him out at Wembley Arena.
Watch as Great Britain's Dina Asher-Smith finishes third in the 200m at the opening meeting of the Diamond League in Doha, Qatar as America's Gabrielle Thomas is first with Jamaica's Shericka Jackson second.
The expulsion of Russian officials from Western capitals shows how the spy conflict is intensifying.
Russian forces making slow progress around Ukraine's eastern Donbas region amid strong Ukrainian resistance.
Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Finland is set to join Nato and Sweden could follow.
The incident, captured on video seen by the BBC, is being investigated as a suspected war crime.
A single Russian battalion reportedly suffers heavy losses and the UK sanctions President Putin's ex-wife.
Can Sam Ryder's song - written in collaboration over Zoom - break the UK's Eurovision losing streak?
Six Eurovision commentators share their most memorable moments, including a presidential petition.
Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra triumphs, while Sam Ryder gives the UK its best result since 1998.
Public support helped push Kalush Orchestra and their song Stefania on to win with 631 points.
Boris Johnson is to visit Northern Ireland amid a political crisis sparked by tensions over the protocol.
The FBI is investigating the attack - which left three others injured - as a racially-motivated hate crime.
The Moon will slowly darken and turn red as it falls into Earth's shadow.
The singer reveals she and personal trainer partner Sam Asghari have "lost our miracle baby".
Liverpool keep alive hopes of an unprecedented quadruple with a sudden-death shootout victory over Chelsea in the FA Cup final.
Boris Johnson is accused of "playing politics with children's health" after delaying new restrictions.
North Korea's leader blames the outbreak on bureaucratic and medical incompetence.
Former Australia all-rounder Andrew Symonds dies aged 46 after being involved in a car crash.
Finland and Sweden have indicated they want to become Nato members following Russia's war in Ukraine.
The cancer campaigner says the prince went "above and beyond" in visiting her to confer her damehood.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, police say.
The papers cover outrage after the FA Cup final and the chancellor's promise to help with the cost of living.
Ukraine won the Eurovision song contest 2022, with the UK coming second, its best result since 1998.
We take a look through the best looks from another crazy night that can only be Eurovision.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp "could not be prouder" of his side after they again outlast Chelsea on penalties to win the FA Cup.
The stone helped guide allied pilots into wartime airfields in use in Belfast during the war.
Aimee says the book will help her son understand why he "should be proud" of his heart surgery scar.
A family looks back after a decade living in the world's largest Syrian refugee camp.
Sam Ryder's song Space Man gave the UK its first top 10 result since 2009. What went right?
Afghan women speak out against compulsory male chaperones and new mandate to wear all-covering veils.
North Korea is uniquely vulnerable to the virus, and the options to control its spread are limited.
As a child Steve Ellis uncovered a family secret, 60 years later it led to an unexpected friendship.
Joe Wicks, known as the Body Coach, explores his difficult childhood growing up with a drug-addicted father and mother with OCD in a new BBC documentary
Some businesses which boomed during the Covid pandemic are seeing their popularity fade.
With one in 10 deficient in vitamin D, the government is exploring new ways to boost the UK’s intake.
There is so much to admire about FA Cup winners Liverpool at the moment, and all of it is down to one man - Jurgen Klopp, says MOTD pundit Alan Shearer.
Watch highlights as Liverpool beat Chelsea in a thrilling penalty shootout to win the FA Cup at Wembley after the final had finished goalless following a host of missed chances.
Preview followed by live coverage of Sunday's Women's FA Cup final between Chelsea Women and Manchester City Women.
Josh Taylor is stripped of his WBA super-lightweight title according to the world governing body, but the Scot claims he vacated the belt.
Who will be crowned FA Cup winners this weekend when Chelsea and Manchester City face each other at Wembley Stadium?
Konstantinos Tsimikas scores the winning penalty to seal Liverpool a 6-5 shoot-out victory against Chelsea to win the FA Cup after the final had finished goalless at Wembley.
Moscow has a history of falsely accusing its enemies of attacks that could be defined as war crimes.
The UN says more than 12 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Boris Johnson says he is open to dialogue but will act if the EU does not change its position.
The BBC's Sarah Rainsford investigates the killing of civilians in a summer camp in Bucha, Ukraine.
Hollywood stars including Helen Mirren and Tom Cruise feature in the show at Windsor Castle.
Questions are being asked about how the suspect carried out the attack when he was known to authorities.
The three-year-old was taken to hospital after being injured at an address in Rochdale, say police.
A union is warning of invigilator shortages as pupils sit their first summer exams since 2019.
The pair are currently filming for sci-fi show's 60th anniversary, which it will celebrate in 2023.
There has been "little attention paid to the issue", say researchers.
In a damning assessment of Russian efforts, Nato's secretary general says Ukraine could win the war.
The airline will offer new and existing cabin crew the bonus, as carriers seek to retain and recruit workers.
Millions tuned in to watch Liverpool beat Chelsea, and the UK come second in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The mountaineer continues to break records despite shattering his heels in an accident in 1996.
The papers cover the start of Platinum Jubilee celebrations and look ahead to the PM's Belfast visit.
A host of stars including Tom Cruise, Katherine Jenkins and Omid Djalili were also in attendance.
Melanie Barratt wants to become the first blind woman to cross the English Channel solo.
A new portrait exhibition features female farmers across Northumberland and the Scottish Borders.
Sam Ryder met Eurovision commentator Graham Norton backstage and the two shared a hug.
The pandemic led to more people using private jets, but is the increase set to continue?
The media covers some murders less than others, but crimes of femicide may at least soon be counted more accurately.
For the first time since Covid, students are sitting exams across the UK - so what has changed?
Australians will vote in an election on Saturday amid much nervousness, writes Nick Bryant.
The right-wing appears to think the language as a foreign import but history shows quite the opposite.
One firm tells of its struggles as a survey suggests lending to small businesses has hit an all-time low.
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes says her team will go down in history after defending their FA Cup crown and completing the domestic Double.
Manchester City could have been all but champions on Sunday but they were held amid a frenzied atmosphere at West Ham.
Sam Kerr scores goals either side of Erin Cuthbert's cracker as Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-2 in extra time of a pulsating FA Cup final in front of a record crowd at Wembley Stadium.
Who is smooth and controlled? What should be changed about the FA Cup? And which player is an incredible find? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
Juventus to hold fresh Pogba talks, Mbappe to reveal future "very soon", Newcastle step up Henderson interest, plus more.
Everton confirm they are assisting police after two Brentford players said their families were racially abused at Goodison Park.
MOTD2 pundit Jermaine Jenas says Antonio Conte staying on as manager is the key to Tottenham keeping Harry Kane, not a top-four finish this season.
Europe is desperately seeking alternative sources of gas after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Public support helped push Kalush Orchestra and their song Stefania on to win with 631 points.
Ukraine says 264 fighters - some badly wounded - have been taken from the Azovstal steelworks.
Blackpool's Jake Daniels says his decision to come out as the UK's only openly gay active male professional footballer will allow him to be "free and confident".
Boris Johnson is accused of using soft words in a series of robust meetings with political parties.
The prime minister described the EU as being "over-zealous" in its application of the post-Brexit trade arrangements.
Surging food prices are a "major worry" for the UK and other countries, Andrew Bailey warns.
Under the new rules more travel will be permitted to the island and visa processing will speed-up.
Callum Wheeler attacked the 53-year-old after "ambushing" her in woodland while she walked her dog.
Turkish President Erdogan accused the Nordic nations of harbouring terrorists wanted by Ankara.
The actress says she believes that she wouldn't have survived if their marriage had continued.
Coleen Rooney finished giving evidence on day five of a libel case brought by Rebekah Vardy.
The viral infection is rare and the risk to the public remains very low, experts say.
Sir John Major warns about rising prices, as a minister is criticised for advocating people working more hours.
Alex Preston says he wants answers after being told he had the illness for seven years.
The papers focus on cost-of-living warnings and Championship footballer Jake Daniels coming out as gay.
Within a week, Sean Dilley was told in two Tesco stores he wasn't allowed to take in his guide dog.
Seven Indigenous people explain their most pressing concerns for Australia's next government.
Harry's House is praised for its "abundant charm", with "really well-crafted pop songs".
Thousands of fans turn out to celebrate Stockport County's return to the Football League.
Charlie struggled to fit in at other football clubs until he started playing for Team United.
Timur Miroshnychenko tells BBC Breakfast he hopes the country will be able to host next year.
Its hue was created by sunlight being projected through the Earth's atmosphere onto the Moon.
How addiction support in a corner of north-west England caught the eye of the government's senior drug advisor.
Abortion providers describe a battle to put out accurate information.
Two years after Joe Biden was elected, American voters return to the polls this November.
Why Jake Daniels decision to publicly come out is a watershed moment for British football.
One Chinese carmaker has plans for thousands of stations in Europe where you can switch batteries.
As tensions build over Northern Ireland, concerns of a trade war between the EU and UK have surfaced.
Nearly 80% of those who took part in a government survey said they wanted at least one son in their lifetime.
Julia James' smartwatch and a chance previous encounter helped her colleagues catch her killer.
Gary Lineker expects other footballers to follow Jake Daniels in coming out, while others point to a landmark announcement for football.
Arsenal's hopes of finishing in the Premier League top four are dealt a huge blow as they are well beaten by Newcastle at St James' Park.
Ministers are worried a £4.25bn deal to buy Chelsea may be at risk of "falling apart" due to a lack of consensus with the club over the proceeds of any sale, the BBC has learned.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says fans booing the national anthem before the FA Cup final was "not something I enjoyed" but that they "wouldn't do it without a reason".
This summer's tournaments at Queen's and Eastbourne will not be stripped of ATP ranking points over a decision to ban players from Russia and Belarus.
Real Madrid are confident Kylian Mbappe will announce his decision to join them from Paris St-Germain within the next fortnight, reports Guillem Balague.
A pregnant woman fleeing a bombed maternity hospital was targeted by a Russian disinformation campaign.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Quentin Sommerville and cameraman Darren Conway visit the edge of Izyum, where Russians forces are concentrated.
Russian forces make little progress but more war crimes are uncovered.
Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Finland and Sweden have applied to join Nato.
Russian forces making slow progress around Ukraine's eastern Donbas region amid strong Ukrainian resistance.
But Kyiv refuses to say how many soldiers are still trapped, saying such information is "sensitive".
The Metropolitan Police confirm a man is in custody over allegations dating back to the 2000s.
International recruitment hits record high with nurse leaders warning about sustainability of trend.
Rangers supporters in the city are expected to outnumber Eintracht Frankfurt fans by two to one.
Johnny Depp's lawyer has accused Ms Heard of being "the jealous one" in the ex-couple's marriage.
The Prince of Wales says he will listen on the issue of the treatment of the indigenous community.
The foreign secretary says the proposed legislation would make changes to the Protocol to resolve the "grave situation".
The suspect in last week's attack has "panic attacks" when around people of Asian descent, police say.
Russian gymnast Ivan Kuliak is given a one-year ban for wearing a national war symbol on the podium at an event in Qatar in March.
The court said the law, which forced boards to have up to three women directors, was discriminatory.
Police are investigating after Sheffield United captain Billy Sharp was assaulted by a fan at the end of their Championship play-off final second leg at Nottingham Forest.
Abuse allegations were made months before her husband poured petrol on her and set her alight.
A North Wales Police detective says she has to borrow money from her mother at the end of the month.
The Queen's surprise appearance at London Paddington station also make Wednesday's front pages.
BBC Eye investigates the disappearance of Sophia Huang Xueqin, a high-profile feminist journalist who kick-started China’s #MeToo movement.
The singer thanks a primary school that named one of its classes after him.
The 51-year-old completed the 36-hour challenge, beating the previous record by two hours.
The parents of one Buffalo victim want to know what's being done to prevent another mass shooting.
Huw Davies seemingly loved the views of Cardigan Bay, but not the birds who were there as well.
Hillary Clinton and Catherine Zeta-Jones have shared it, and Gareth Bale is involved this year.
Dan hosted his final edition of BBC Breakfast this morning, six years after joining the programme.
The monarch made a surprise visit to Paddington station, ahead of the opening of the much delayed train line.
The couple originally thought the device, found in the river in Knaresborough, was a gas cannister.
The classes are a small act of defiance after the Taliban banned most teenage girls from education.
A movement of online extremists targets innocent people in shooting rampages that follow a similar blueprint.
Australians go to the polls on 21 May, for the country's first election since 2019.
The Italian rock band relive the highs and lows of becoming a global success after winning Eurovision.
A growing number of young people are getting into crypto trading - despite the risks.
Ministers have been talking about Northern Ireland taxation, trade and solar panels.
Carlos Alcaraz is seen as "the best player right now" in men's tennis - can he land his first Grand Slam at the French Open?
Student's host says many young Ukrainian women are offered rooms "with basically sex as payment".
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says the title is "not likely but possible" after their 2-1 win at Southampton sends it down to the final day.
Rangers' bid to lift the Europa League trophy is given a huge boost with the return from injury of striker Kemar Roofe.
This week's MOTD Top 10 features the best Premier League players from around the world. Could keeping one of those players, Son Heung-min, be the key to Tottenham winning trophies?
Five-time Olympic cycling champion Laura Kenny says speaking out about having a miscarriage and ectopic pregnancy "gave lots of people a platform".
Richard Bland says he will play in next month's inaugural LIV Golf Invitational tournament even if it leads to him being banned by the DP World Tour.
Dutch glory, tactical brilliance and being a 'people person' - how Giovanni van Bronckhorst has led Rangers to the Europa League final.
Liverpool defeat Southampton to ensure the Premier League title race will go to the final day of the season.
Ivan Simoroz's home was hit by Russian bombs, killing six members of his family - days later he returned to work.
The UN says almost 13 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
As Ukrainian fighters are evacuated from the Azovstal steelworks, how Russia has closed in on the city.
A Ukrainian beauty blogger's trolls ordeal and sweets driven all the way from Somerset to Ukraine.
Turkish President Erdogan accused the Nordic nations of harbouring terrorists wanted by Ankara.
Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Finland and Sweden have applied to join Nato.
UN chief Antonio Guterres warns that developing countries face disaster due to rising prices.
Big increases are due next April but charities say soaring prices mean people need the money now.
The chancellor says it won't be easy to tackle cost of living crisis as inflation hits 40-year high.
The doctors' union cites lack of PPE and says medics still suffer the health impacts of the pandemic.
The 21-year-old admits killing an unarmed civilian, in Ukraine's first war crimes trial since war began.
Rangers suffer an agonising penalty shootout defeat in their fifth European final as Eintracht Frankfurt in an absorbing Europa League final.
Diana Ross, Eurovision star Sam Ryder and Queen and Adam Lambert will perform at Buckingham Palace.
Prosecutors will ask whether social platforms were "used to stream, promote, or plan" the murders.
The virus doesn't usually spread easily and the risk to the UK population is low, officials say.
Boris Johnson does not rule out a tax on the energy giants, as he is accused of dithering by Labour.
A holiday rep who was unable to sing teaches himself then scoops two music awards.
They say the veteran DJ collected a "wealth of souvenirs" while launching the careers of many stars.
Many of Thursday's papers analyse how soaring inflation will affect people's lives in the UK.
Chain Trevor Sorbie says they are now spending thousands more each month.
New York University bestowed the renowned pop singer with an honorary degree.
A large group of talented young musicians and their families have been evacuated out of Ukraine into Slovenia.
Why is the government facing growing pressure to announce a windfall tax on oil and gas companies?
The royal couple lit candles on a visit to the Ottawa church and paid tribute to Canada's war dead.
Kathy Wrethman, from Australia, has finally come face-to-face with the man who saved her life.
Scott Morrison was playing five-a-side on the campaign trail ahead of Australia's election on Saturday.
New research has revealed the health of pugs is now different and largely worse than other dogs.
Desperate mothers are trying to mix their own baby formula, but experts warn of the dangers.
The Platinum Jubilee marks Queen Elizabeth II's 70 year reign, with a four-day bank holiday in June.
A new station in Panama allows marginalised groups to speak out about their lives and communities.
Four years after the first buffer zone outside a clinic only two more have followed in England.
Sri Lanka's giant neighbour is emerging as one of its biggest providers of aid, after years of mistrust.
The BBC's Peter Henley recalls the first time the TV chef tangled with the PM over junk food.
A month on after a zinc mine was flooded in Burkina Faso, relatives of those trapped refuse to give up.
Rangers' Europa League final defeat on penalties "hurts a lot" says Giovanni van Bronckhorst, but the Ibrox manager says he could not have asked for more from his side.
Supporters who were in Spain and fans back in Glasgow watch their team lose the final to Eintracht Frankfurt on penalties.
The police are investigating a video on social media which it is claimed shows Sheffield United's Oli McBurnie stamp on a fan during a fracas.
BBC Sport visits Old Trafford to find out why Manchester United are exploring options for renovating or expanding their home - could they even build a completely new stadium?
Bryson DeChambeau withdraws from the US PGA Championship as he continues his recovery from surgery to repair a bone in his left wrist.
Quinton de Kock claims the third highest score in Indian Premier League history as Brendon McCullum loses his last game as Kolkata Knight Riders coach before taking charge of England.
Charlie Dobson has been hailed as Britain's brightest hope at 400m, a distance he has only run twice.
Katerina spent more than two months beneath the besieged Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol, Ukraine.
The Ukrainian port which has seen some of the most intense fighting is now under Russian control.
If Russia has carried out war crimes in Ukraine how could Putin or his army generals be prosecuted?
Ukraine wants to exchange them for Russian prisoners of war, but some in Russia want them put on trial.
Ukraine's first war crimes trial opens and the EU pledges to spend up to €300bn to end its reliance on Russian gas.
The UN says almost 13 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Mikhail Khodarenok gives a rare insight saying the military operation in Ukraine can only get worse.
Following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Finland and Sweden have applied to join Nato.
UK inflation is rising at 9%, its fastest rate for 40 years, and could go even higher.
How long is UK inflation likely to remain high, and what can the government do to fight back?
We asked people across the country how they are coping with the rising cost of living.
Labour are calling for a windfall tax on the profits of oil and gas companies.
Locations in all four UK nations and on the Falkland Islands and Isle of Man will get city status.
Both countries submitted their applications to be part of the Western defence alliance this week.
The government tried to block publication of the story about the agent who attacked with a machete.
Police have now ended their investigation into Covid breaches during lockdown parties in No 10.
The scheme, which launched in January, gives free bus travel to five to 21 year olds in Scotland.
The Greek musician won an Oscar for the 1981 film theme, and also wrote the Blade Runner soundtrack.
When lockdowns halted most other sports, more people took up golf - and many are still playing.
Everton secure their Premier League status in an incredible match where they came from two goals down to beat Crystal Palace.
Government's vaccine advisers said winter remains the riskiest time for the virus.
Andrew RT Davies calls for a "fair share" of cash from building high speed rail project in England.
The troubles affecting the MV Hebrides follows the withdrawal of another ferry for repairs.
Rory McIlroy gets his bid for a fifth major off to a solid start as he ends day one of the US PGA Championship with a one-shot lead.
The "very disturbing" fire is causing plumes of smoke to blow across Preston city centre.
The papers give different verdicts on the Met Police's probe into law-breaking parties in Whitehall.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge attended the premiere of the long awaited Top Gun sequel.
A new exhibition tells the - supposedly top-secret - story of the building of the Millennium Falcon.
The finale of the Channel 4 sitcom, which aired on Wednesday, received several five-star reviews.
The village pub had been asked to change its name but has now received a framed apology.
The former US president corrected himself after saying Putin had invaded Iraq rather than Ukraine.
Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy went head-to-head in a high-profile High Court libel case.
As Covid spreads in North Korea, state media urges the use of traditional medicine against the virus.
Conservation scientists hope that preserving genetic material offers future insurance against extinction
If interest rates keep rising 300,000 Australians may default on mortgage repayments.
Firms are developing smart contact lenses that can project data in front of the user's eye.
Charging points are lacking in much of the UK - so how easy is it to drive across Wales in an electric car?
Australia is a multicultural country, but critics say those representing the country don't reflect this.
The Metropolitan Police have finished investigating, but the political fallout isn't over yet.
Our correspondents reveal what they know about the long-awaited report on Covid law-breaking at No 10.
A total of 83 people have been fined over events in Westminster - but how were the decisions made?
Crystal Palace manager Patrick Vieira is involved in an altercation with a supporter during a pitch invasion following the club's dramatic Premier League defeat at Everton.
Everton boss Frank Lampard says he feels "very proud" after his side produced an "incredible" comeback to beat Crystal Palace and secure their place in the Premier League next season.
Britain's Emma Raducanu will make her French Open debut against a qualifier, while Novak Djokovic is set for a tricky title defence.
Swindon Town manager Ben Garner says his players had been "physically and verbally abused" after their play-off semi-final defeat by Port Vale
Burnley head into the final day of the season with their Premier League fate in their own hands after securing a hard-earned point at Aston Villa.
Pogba turns down Man City move but remains a Juventus target, Mbappe to announce decision on Sunday, Dybala rules out Tottenham, Man Utd offered Dest, plus more.
As prices rise to a 40-year high, BBC News NI hears from families struggling to make ends meet.
BBC Newsnight launches its Global Tracker to assess the impact of the cost of living across across the world.
Dmitry Skurikhin has listed the Ukrainian towns attacked by Russia on the side of his shopping centre.
Moscow says it has destroyed a drone with a laser, but Kyiv says it can't mask battlefield failure.
A Ukrainian widow speaks at the first war crimes trial and Bush says Iraq invasion was "unjustified".
The government has launched two schemes to let Ukrainian refugees come to the UK.
The fast food giant says the new owner of its 850 Russian restaurants will operate them under a new brand.
The 21-year-old serviceman has pled guilty to killing her husband in a village in Ukraine's north-east.
The social media platform says it will put false claims from official accounts behind warning notices.
The UN says more than 14 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion.
Ukraine says the last defenders at the besieged site have been given permission to leave.
Civil servant Ms Gray is set to publish her final report into alleged lockdown breaches in Downing Street next week.
Staff at sexual health clinics warn the virus is already stretching the workforce in many places.
Pharmacists will be able to give suitable replacement products, without needing a brand new prescription.
Players will not receive ranking points at Wimbledon following the decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players from the tournament.
The woman stripped on the Cannes red carpet to show the words "stop raping us" and the Ukrainian flag.
Survivors should receive specialist psychological help within six weeks, a charity demands.
Figures show 14% of dentists doing NHS work are approaching retirement age.
A week after finishing as runner-up at Eurovision, the UK singer goes to number two in the charts.
US state department warns against "a big fight between the UK and the EU" amid the Ukraine war.
A report claims Musk's company SpaceX paid an employee $250,000 to settle the claim against him.
The price of the condiment is up 10% due to poor harvests and the impact of the war in Ukraine.
Pressures on the prime minister over the cost of living and talks on sending more weaponry to Moldova lead the papers
The marks were a way of identifying the lineage of people, but the practice has been outlawed.
Elian Lopez hoped his life-changing journey would go smoothly - then the wind changed and sun went down.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Two former foster children say their care experience shaped their decision to help others in the same situation.
For Iraq's non-binary community, life is difficult and dangerous.
Tom Cruise used Alison Webb's Baginton garden to land his helicopter then returned the favour.
Chef and campaigner Jamie Oliver has been protesting over delays to the government's obesity strategy.
Locations including Milton Keynes, Dunfermline and Wrexham will be made cities in honour of the Queen.
A new exhibition tells the - supposedly top secret - story of the building of the Millennium Falcon.
A walker got lost, slipped and was left clinging to a tree 100ft (30m) above the cave entrance.
We are facing an unusual and unprecedented monkeypox outbreak but how worrying is it?
Six takeaways from the High Court libel trial, which has sparked huge media interest in recent weeks.
A shortage of infant formula across America has led parents to share supply locations online.
Many in the camp say they are still determined to reach the UK, citing family ties and jobs.
Drivers describe evacuating people from Russian-held areas under threat of mines and military attack.
Do you relish scanning your own groceries or are you missing the human cashiers?
Relatives say police used unjustifiable force on them inside the hospital treating the wounded man.
A strike ballot of 40,000 members of the RMT union closes on Tuesday.
Aurangzeb ruled India 300 years ago - but a modern day dispute has seen hatred for him boil up again.
As the BBC's Frank Gardner is left on a plane waiting for his wheelchair, why does it keep happening?
The conflict has become a grinding and bloody affair, with both sides making gains and losses.
The young lawyer has caught the internet's attention for her grilling of Amber Heard on the stand.
Cases of monkeypox are being investigated in several countries, including the UK.
BBC Sport recaps a week of pitch invasions and violence in football as managers express concerns for safety.
The controversial deal to send migrants from the UK to Rwanda is good news for its hospitality business.
Charging points are lacking in much of the UK - so how easy is it to drive across Wales in an electric car?
Will Zalatoris will take a one-stroke lead into the weekend at the US PGA Championship as Rory McIlroy fades on day two.
Leeds and Burnley threaten legal action against Everton and the Premier League over the handling of the club's finances.
Ten years on, BBC Sport looks back on a thrilling final day of the 2011-12 Premier League season.
Jurgen Klopp says there is no pressure on Liverpool as they put their historic quadruple pursuit on the line on the final day of the Premier League season.
Britain's Dina Asher-Smith says her form is "light years" ahead of where it was when she won two world medals in 2019.
Lewis Hamilton hails what he believes is a breakthrough with his Mercedes after a promising showing in Spanish Grand Prix practice.
Premier League clubs could face a gambling sponsor shirt ban after the proposal was included on a draft white paper, sources have told BBC Sport.
There are ways the chancellor could tackle the strain on people's pockets - but what do they cost?
Brian Turner, who lives alone after the death of his partner, is trying to live on £642 a month.
Big increases are due next April but charities say soaring prices mean people need the money now.
Russia occupies Europe's biggest nuclear plant and now wants to sell power from it back to Ukraine.
Russia wants to sell energy from a seized plant and a man paints anti-war slogans on his shop.
Russian forces are continuing their slow advance in eastern Ukraine after using heavy firepower to weaken defences there.
Anthony Albanese vows to take the nation in a new direction, creating a renewable energy superpower.
Only a negotiated solution will work, says Ukraine's president, as fighting intensifies in Donbas.
Kristalina Georgieva says government subsidies can help with the cost of living crisis.
The royals will join the residents of Albert Square for a Platinum Jubilee street party.
It comes after a draft bill was approved in Spanish parliament to allow three days of leave a month.
Five were injured when parts of stands collapsed at a rehearsal for an event the Queen will attend.
Scientists say we need to future-proof our diets in a warming world by eating little-known plants.
Canan Kaftancioglu has been convicted for insulting President Erdogan and the Turkish state.
Raheem's mother says he is struggling to come to terms with what happened to him.
UK holidaymakers without a jab will be allowed entry with a negative test or proof of recovery.
Temperatures in southern Spain reach 40C, up to 15 degrees higher than average for this time of year.
Officials said the tornado cut a path of destruction during violent storms in the west of the country.
The expected fallout from the Sue Gray report and plans to provide tuition to every pupil in need lead the papers
Geraldina Guerra tracks cases of femicide in Ecuador and maps victims' lives online so people can learn about their life as well as their death.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
After starting her career on the track as a grid girl, Laura Jones is set on driving her own car.
Liam is non-verbal and communicates with his teammates using a mixture of symbols, signs and speech.
BBC Sport takes a detailed look at everything at stake at the top, bottom and everywhere in between on the Premier League's final day.
The cartoonist William Heath Robinson became so famous that his name earned a dictionary entry.
A veteran politician, Anthony Albanese will lead the first Labor government in almost a decade.
The BBC goes on patrol with the Taliban's "moral police", whose job it is to enforce hard-line rule.
Capt Kidane Cousland is helping ensure Rastafarians can express their faith while serving in the military.
Shagufta Ahmed's first job was to get justice for her father, a lecturer murdered after he blew the whistle on a colleague.
As the UK spent countless hours online during lockdown, how much has it changed us?
Forty years after it opened, the legendary nightclub is credited with changing music and Manchester.
The planet is experiencing its sixth mass extinction event, but it is hoped action can be agreed.
After more than 20 years of making predictions for the BBC, Mark Lawrenson gives his last set of scores as he looks at the weekend's fixtures on the final day of the Premier League season.
Mito Pereira emerges with a three-shot lead at the US PGA Championship as England's Matt Fitzpatrick plays his way into contention.
Tiger Woods withdraws from the US PGA Championship following the third round at Southern Hills in Oklahoma
Joshua Buatsi moves closer to a light-heavyweight world-title shot by beating Craig Richards on points in an all-British classic in London.
France forward Kylian Mbappe agrees to stay at Paris St-Germain, turning down a move to Real Madrid.
Great Britain's Dina Asher-Smith sees off a high-quality field to win her first 100m outing of the season at the Birmingham Diamond League meeting.
Watch the key moments of Rangers' 2-0 extra-time Scottish Cup final win over Hearts at Hampden.
How to follow the Premier League's final day on the BBC, including watching goals from seven matches.
UK inflation rises to its highest rate for 40 years in the year to April, jumping to 9% from 7%.
People working and living in rural Norfolk talk about the cost of living crisis.
The company says it has to act to cover higher costs, including wages, energy and fuel expenses.
Olena Zelenska opens up about the war, and President Zelensky says only talks can end the conflict.
Zelensky adviser says Kyiv will not agree a peace deal with Russia that involves giving up territory.
The system is geared to crisis intervention but struggling families need help earlier, says the lead of a major review.
The rising cost of energy, transport and childcare is forcing families to make tough choices.
At least 80 cases of the virus have so far been identified in the UK and around the world.
Almost 700 train services are temporarily removed after a pay row triggered a wave of driver shortages.
She is seen as one of the founders of stencil art, famous for her graffiti of female figures in Paris.
Two days after his election win, Anthony Albanese will fly to meet leaders of the US, India and Japan.
The charity Birthrights conducted a year-long investigation into "racial injustice" in maternity care.
Manchester City launch an investigation after Aston Villa keeper Robin Olsen is assaulted during a pitch invasion after the final whistle at Etihad Stadium.
Sayad Khodai, a senior figure in the elite Quds force, was reportedly shot dead in his car by two gunmen.
Officials expected to be identified in the report on No 10 parties had until Sunday afternoon to object.
Justin Thomas stages a remarkable fight back to beat Will Zalatoris in a play-off and win the US PGA Championship at Southern Hills.
The High Pay Centre says pay gaps were the greatest in the retail sector in the early months of 2022.
Calls for action on the cost of living crisis and Manchester City's dramatic Premier League victory lead the papers.
Paws aboard! A pet-friendly service premiers on the iconic train as calls grow for easier pet travel.
The renowned physicist reflects on whether civilisation, like us, exists in other galaxies.
Images capture life below one of the UK's best known road structures on eve of its 50th birthday.
YouTuber, Max Fosh, says the "prank" is to put smiles on faces and is sorry for any confusion caused.
The England captain's golden boot and his MBE are among the items on display.
Companies supplying major manufacturers fail to meet promises to share land, joint BBC investigation finds.
Climate "doomers" believe it’s far too late to do anything about climate change - but they're wrong.
Three and half years late and at least £4bn over-budget, Crossrail is finally about to open.
A government grant to encourage people to replace their boiler with a heat pump begins in April.
BBC News reporter Daniel De Simone on his courtroom fight to reveal how an MI5 agent abused women.
Brian McCormack created dissolvable products after struggling to undertake a regular cancer check.
Politics will now be greener, more feminine, and more emphatically Australian, writes Nick Bryant.
Gene drive development makes a genetically modified gene that spreads widely within populations.
Eve Senior's photograph after the Manchester Arena bomb five years ago was seen around the world.
Manchester City's manager says his side "are legends" after securing their fourth Premier League title in five seasons.
Emma Raducanu says she is "learning to be effective" on clay as she makes the final preparations for her senior debut at the French Open on Monday.
Charles Leclerc's Spanish GP misery handed Max Verstappen the title lead, but with resurgent Mercedes in the mix this season is anything but predictable, writes Andrew Benson.
Match of the Day pundits Ian Wright and Alan Shearer analyse Manchester City's stunning late comeback to win the Premier League title, highlighting the performance of Ilkay Gundogan, who scored two goals off the bench.
Liverpool fall just short of the Premier League title but Jurgen Klopp says their disappointment will drive the bid for European success.
Manchester City have been called 'boring' at times this season but the final day shows that is an absurd criticism, says Micah Richards.
Miners in eastern Ukraine on how a difficult job has become even more dangerous.
The photos published by ITV News show Boris Johnson holding up a glass at a leaving do in November 2020.
The latest Partygate photos will be uncomfortable for Tory MPs but are unlikely to prompt an ousting of the PM.
The way the UK left the country last year was a "betrayal" that "likely cost lives", an inquiry has found.
A 14-year-old girl who was strip-searched by police was traumatised by the incident, her mum says.
British number one Emma Raducanu comes back from a set down to win her senior debut at the French Open against Czech teenager Linda Noskova.
Supermodel Kate Moss is expected to take the stand in the final days of the high-profile trial.
A delegation from the US Congress is visiting the UK and Ireland amid heightened tensions over the NI Protocol.
Average waiting times can range from 16 seconds to over 30 minutes - depending on the bank, says Which?.
Stays in China made up only 1% of Airbnb's revenue for the last few years, a source said.
The birds take to the skies en masse after calling out their 'vote', scientists have discovered.
Iran made a last-minute release demand at the airport with a UK official present, the former prisoner says.
Boris Bondarev walks out of his job in Geneva, saying he has never been more ashamed of Russia.
Police say the dog was put down by a vet at the scene of the attack.
Most papers lead on new pictures of Boris Johnson at an event in Downing Street during lockdown.
Now a taxi driver in Washington DC, Khalid Payenda once oversaw a multi-billion dollar budget.
This year's show includes Platinum Jubilee floral tributes to the monarch's 70 year reign.
The Birmingham junction, officially named Gravelly Hill Interchange, opened to drivers in May 1972.
Australia's election has ushered in political pioneers and interesting firsts across the parliament.
They carried a banner with the names of 129 women who have been murdered in France in the last year.
Some workers are still banking on a career in oil and gas, others are focusing on a greener future.
A man says he lost millions, and then was arrested for trying to talk to crypto boss Do Kwon.
How false hopes and claims of missing millions have hurt a football-mad city.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe says she was forced to sign a false confession to secure her release.
Season four of the retro US sci-fi show has four-star reviews and maybe its "scariest monster yet".
Despite the threat of a 15-year jail term, some Russians are refusing to be silenced by the Kremlin.
About 700 daily services have been axed in Scotland in a dispute between unions and rail bosses.
The government is set to approve Chelsea's £4.25bn sale in the next 24 hours but the deal still has "major hurdles to overcome", BBC Sport learns.
Thousands of Manchester City fans turn out for the Premier League winners' open-top bus parade.
Britain's Dan Evans earns a first win at the French Open on his 32nd birthday, with Cameron Norrie also through to the second round.
Manchester City star Jack Grealish video calls Micah Richards during a live broadcast of the Monday Night Club.
Hannah Rankin says world title opponent Alejandra Ayala has woken from an induced coma after being admitted to hospital for surgery.
Erik ten Hag says he is not risking his managerial reputation by taking the Manchester United job.
Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin says "talking saved my life" in an emotional statement about his struggles with mental health this season.
We follow a chicken from farm to supermarket shelf to see how costs are building up at every stage.
Labour are calling for a windfall tax on the profits of oil and gas companies.
Other trusts start similar initiatives over fears staff are struggling with rising prices.
UK inflation is rising at 9%, its fastest rate for 40 years, and could go even higher.
The rising cost of energy, transport and childcare is forcing families to make tough choices.
A Kent charity boss says she is helping around 18,000 people access food and support.
The High Pay Centre says pay gaps were the greatest in the retail sector in the early months of 2022.
Managing director Kristalina Georgieva says state subsidies can help with the cost of living.
Partisan groups are carrying out attacks on occupying forces in the south-eastern city of Melitopol.
Why hydrogen might be one route for Germany to move away from dependence on Russian imports.
If Russia has carried out war crimes in Ukraine how could Putin or his army generals be prosecuted?
Russian forces are continuing their slow advance in eastern Ukraine after using heavy firepower to weaken defences there.
Moscow has been accused of a "scorched earth" policy in its efforts to capture Severodonetsk.
Nineteen children are shot dead by a teenage gunman, who is himself killed by law enforcement.
The senior civil servant's report into Downing Street lockdown parties is to be sent to No 10 later.
As Russian attacks intensify, Ukrainians are asking whether it's better to pay for a ceasefire with land - or lives.
Measures could be announced as soon as Thursday after growing pressure on Downing Street, the BBC learns.
Secret filming shows discussions to manipulate moments in games so criminals can defraud bookies.
The outbreaks in Europe and America are not normal but remain containable, health officials say.
The move by the US Treasury Department could push Russia closer to default.
But the proposals from the Commons standards committee do not go as far as banning second jobs.
Missing persons posters will also feature QR codes which, when scanned, will show them smiling or laughing.
RMT members vote in favour of strike action across Network Rail and 13 train operating companies.
The champion boxer brothers visit World Economic Forum in Davos to urge support for Ukraine.
Staff describe bins overflowing with bottles, people sitting on each other's laps and colleagues sleeping in the office.
An Iraqi citizen in Ohio allegedly attempted to have militants smuggled across the Mexican border.
The expected announcement of plans for a Windfall tax to help struggling families leads most papers.
Senator Chris Murphy delivered an emotional plea in the Senate following a school shooting in Texas.
Two thirds of women of colour in UK workplaces say they change themselves to fit in, a report says.
After much anticipation, the Elizabeth line is now operational - more than three years late.
BBC issues an apology after the words 'Manchester United are rubbish' appeared on the rolling news ticker.
Neil Diamond's 53-year-old hit was chosen by listeners of Zoe Ball's Radio 2 Breakfast show.
Red bumps and lumps? Scabs or blisters? What are the signs to look for?
MPs are set to investigate whether the prime minister misled Parliament.
BBC political editor Chris Mason outlines the latest thoughts on how to help households facing price hikes.
The mood is shifting in an industry destabilised by economic shocks and post-Brexit reforms.
Former teacher Amanda Wheal explains how she reinvented herself as a wedding celebrant.
Obesity is spreading rapidly and experts warn of a health emergency unless it's tackled urgently.
The West has accused the Russian military of holding food supplies for millions around the world hostage.
Some workers are still banking on a career in oil and gas, others are focusing on a greener future.
The Premier League approves the £4.25bn takeover of Chelsea with the consortium, led by US businessman Todd Boehly, passing its owner's and directors' test.
Emma Raducanu says she is feeling the benefits of a more rigorous fitness regime as the US Open champion prepares to continue her French Open campaign.
England playing behind closed doors at home against Italy after crowd trouble is "an embarrassment", says boss Gareth Southgate.
Nottinghamshire batter Joe Clarke says he feels "embarrassment and shame" over his involvement in a WhatsApp group with rapist Alex Hepburn.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is named the League Managers Association's manager of the year.
The Monday Night Club team of Chris Sutton, Rory Smith and Micah Richards discuss how new Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag might attempt to turn around the club.
Czech rider Jan Hirt claims a first Grand Tour win as Richard Carapaz sees his overall lead of the Giro d'Italia cut to three seconds.
Energy bills rose sharply in April and another big jump is now expected in October.
European countries have taken different approaching to higher energy bills.
A mother-of-three says she has had to sell belongings and use a social supermarket to get by.
Supermarket food prices are rising at the fastest pace since 2009, says research firm Kantar.
Applying a windfall tax to renewable energy could threaten the government's energy strategy, sources say.
We follow a chicken from farm to supermarket shelf to see how costs are building up at every stage.
Why hydrogen might be one route for Germany to move away from dependence on Russian imports.
Jens Stoltenberg says the Ukraine war has highlighted the cost of trade with "authoritarian regimes".
The £10bn support package is expected to be partly funded by a windfall tax on oil and gas firms.
Tory MPs say they don't want the PM to go, but several more political challenges await him.
Family concerns were "disregarded" in the cases of Star Hobson and Arthur Labinjo-Hughes, a report finds.
A mother explains how she can't make ends meet as data suggests more people are struggling.
The podcast host gets a private tour of the Chelsea Flower Show to see the flower named in her honour.
Micheál Martin says he is hopeful he will not have to contemplate tariffs against UK exports.
Boris Johnson calls Sue Gray's findings are "painful" but says it is now time to "move on".
Bereaved families call on the PM to quit, saying he has treated them like 'dirt' over Sue Gray's report.
Scots going abroad for cheaper and quicker obesity operations are "risking their lives" claim medics.
A boy who loved to dance and a teacher who shielded students from the gunman are among those killed.
Messages, released in Sue Gray's report, reveal how senior civil servants discussed partying plans.
Severodonetsk under constant shelling but a vital artery into the city is still open, Ukraine says.
Thursday's front pages appear to be starkly divided over the fallout from Sue Gray's Partygate report.
Scientists warn that 24 of Britain's butterfly species are in danger of dying out.
The senior civil servant's long-awaited report criticised the culture and leadership in Downing Street.
Sue Gray published nine photographs in her report from events held in Whitehall.
Singapore's water agency came up with the drink to raise awareness of its scarcity issues.
The singer brings the power of positivity to his first UK gig for four years, Katie Razzall writes.
One of Africa's largest modern art event returns to Senegal after a four-year hiatus.
Golden State Warriors' Steve Kerr condemns gun violence and refuses to answer basketball questions.
The Prince of Wales makes the first royal visit to the region since the start of the Russian invasion.
The report provided more information about gatherings but still left some questions unanswered.
Stricter gun control in the US is unlikely despite the grief and anger, the BBC's Sarah Smith writes.
Ukraine has crops that could help lower food prices, but there's no easy way of getting them.
A network of five specialist NHS hospitals in England is treating some of those infected.
Due to animal welfare and environment concerns, some farms are converting to vegan production.
Moonage Daydream director Brett Morgen on how David Bowie helped him to recover from a heart attack.
Eyewitnesses describe how a quiet Texan school became the site of one of the country's worst attacks.
Police issued 126 fines during the Partygate investigation, including to Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak.
She is the face and focal point of Scottish politics - but what has the country's longest serving first minister achieved?
Roma's Europa Conference League final win means Jose Mourinho has won five European finals out of five and is a 'serial winner who has brought the Italian club to life'.
Following her French Open exit, British number one Emma Raducanu says being injury free has been her "biggest win" in Paris this week.
Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah says he will be at Anfield next season "for sure" but does not confirm if he will sign a new deal.
Harry Brook and Joe Root guide Yorkshire to victory over Worcestershire in the T20 Blast, while Somerset beat 2021 winners Kent.
World number one Iga Swiatek has returned as a BBC Sport columnist and, in her second piece at the French Open, talks about the "unacceptable" online abuse suffered by athletes.
Andy Murray says Wimbledon will "never feel like an exhibition" despite it being stripped of ranking points.
BBC Sport launches a new women's sport campaign to showcase the phenomenal female talent that will be on show at major events in the summer.
Thousands of Ukrainians have streamed into Narva in Estonia, on the very edge of Nato's eastern flank.
The UN says more than 14 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Ukraine left to identify dead Russian soldiers, and Moscow suggests a deal to restart food exports.
Shallow graves are discovered on the outskirts of the capital, weeks after Russia's attempted advance.
The former heavyweight champions visit World Economic Forum in Davos to urge support for Ukraine.
The government will face pressure to give more support if oil and gas prices do not fall, the think tank says.
The chancellor's support package is significant, expensive and has left some of his MPs a bit uncomfortable.
No guard challenged the attacker and it is unclear if the school door was even locked.
The soldiers under investigation will not take part in the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, the MoD says.
A BBC documentary will show the Queen's early life, from being pushed in a pram to her coronation in 1952.
Energy prices are soaring, but electric car charging is still much cheaper than petrol, says RAC.
The band reunited in public for the first time in 14 years, as they launched their Voyage show.
Joe Garcia reportedly dies of a heart attack two days after his wife was shot at Robb Elementary.
Intelligence agents wanted accounts of journalists and activists to be removed, whistleblowers say.
The band say they are "shocked and filled with overwhelming sadness" in a statement on social media.
The prize's judges say Geetanjali Shree's Tomb of Sand is a "luminous novel of India and partition".
Heard found herself in a tense exchange with Johnny Depp's attorney as the trial nears its end.
The actor died in his sleep in the Dominican Republic, his publicist confirms.
The chancellor's support package to help families with the cost of living leads most of Friday's front pages.
Relatives of the children killed in a shooting at a school in Uvalde, Texas speak of their heartbreak.
The Duchess of Sussex laid flowers at the memorial for the 19 children and two adults who died.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The government is spending £1.3bn on military support, so how much of a difference is it making?
Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill launches an app giving women exercises according to their menstrual cycle.
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and beyond this week.
Maggie Grout has started an NGO that will 3D-print schools where access to education is not guaranteed.
The DJ underwent surgery for bowel cancer and wants to raise awareness of having a colostomy bag.
It is an almost complete set of "genetic instructions" from people who died when Mount Vesuvius erupted.
An intimate look at family life, the documentary explores unique footage filmed by the Royal Family.
Steven Gallagher, 48, has a new lease of life after undergoing pioneering surgery last December.
The brooch was awarded to Sgt William Farmer for successfully parachuting from his aircraft.
Actor Austin Butler is praised, but some critics say he is the "only thing that works" in the film.
Exclusive access to the crime-fighting team making life difficult for sanctioned oligarchs
Marina had no idea when her sons were conscripted that they would be part of an invasion of Ukraine.
Research into replacements for nitrogen-based fertilisers has been spurred by high prices and climate concerns.
The EU's latest sanctions are held up by infighting, but a summit on Monday is unlikely to solve it.
The chancellor says the new support will help with soaring bills, so how will you be impacted?
Eva Mireles and Irma Garcia were seen trying to shelter their students from the gunfire.
Ukraine has crops that could help lower food prices, but there's no easy way of getting them.
"Because it is so hauntingly similar to what happened at Sandy Hook School, it hit closer to home."
Sadio Mane says he will give a "special" answer over his Liverpool future after Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid.
Britain's Dan Evans is unable to follow up his maiden French Open victory as he loses in the second round at Roland Garros.
Former champion Simona Halep suffers a mid-match panic attack as the Romanian loses her second-round match against China's Zheng Qinwen at the French Open.
Aston Villa agree a deal to sign Brazil centre-back Diego Carlos from Sevilla for £26m.
Football "cannot afford to take the gamble" of a player or manager being seriously injured during a pitch invasion, says the PFA.
Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc says Formula 1 dropping the Monaco Grand Prix would be a "bad move".
French wildcard Leolia Jeanjean stuns eighth seed Karolina Pliskova in the French Open second round for a win she says "will change everything".
The chancellor has outlined a package of measures to support people struggling with the cost of living.
Steve Jackson skips meals to help pay the rent on his vintage tea shop in Sheerness High Street.
The poorest will also get a lump-sum of £650 to help with the cost of living, Rishi Sunak says.
The government has announced a package of measures in response to the soaring cost of energy bills.
European countries have taken different approaching to higher energy bills.
The UK government is imposing a £5bn windfall tax on energy companies, this is how it will work.
Campaigner and writer Jack Monroe meets food bank users at a centre in Essex.
A mother explains how she can't make ends meet as data suggests more people are struggling.
The government has launched two schemes to let Ukrainian refugees come to the UK.
With fighting intensifying in eastern Ukraine, why is the region so essential for Russian success?
The UN says more than 14 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion.
"Please send the police now," one girl pleaded as officers waited over an hour to storm the classroom.
Many in Uvalde say they feel lost after the school massacre, but their faith is a source of strength.
Russian forces are in part of Severodonetsk and could surround local troops, an official says.
The airline says cancellations are required to provide reliable services in the busy holiday period.
Ex-President Trump addresses the National Rifle Association at its annual convention in Houston.
Liverpool will look to win European club football's most prestigious prize for the seventh time when they face Real Madrid in a mouth-watering Champions League final in Paris on Saturday.
Paul Holmes's resignation comes as another Tory MP calls on Boris Johnson to resign over Partygate.
New guidelines say ministers may be asked to apologise or lose pay for breaching standards rules.
The fast fashion brand could call in administrators as early as Monday, the BBC has been told.
Climate campaigners question Marvin Rees' decision to fly to Vancouver to attend a conference.
A fan from Bath says she was in "stop-start" traffic for four hours trying to get to Cardiff.
Visitors from 98 countries will be allowed to enter, but some restrictions still remain.
The government hopes the repairs fund will help create a jubilee legacy for villages in England.
Travel disruption across the UK and changes to the ministerial code lead the papers on Saturday.
Lisa and Neil Fletcher use 1930s appliances around their home and always dress in period clothes.
Gnanli Landrou has invented a special powder that turns earth into a greener version of concrete
The cast of Danny Boyle's TV series reveal how they turned themselves into the iconic 70s punk band.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
A Belfast poet is challenging perceptions that working-class communities are not interested in poetry.
A total of 1,369 people attended Whitby Abbey in North Yorkshire dressed as vampires, organisers say.
A review says links between child protection agencies must improve, but we've been here before - writes Alison Holt.
The chancellor says the new support will help with soaring bills, so how will you receive the money?
A large proportion of cases diagnosed in the UK are among gay and bisexual men.
History has portrayed horticulturalist Ellen Willmott as a rude saboteur - but new evidence suggests otherwise.
The family in Punjab found out about their sister in Pakistan two years ago and finally met her last month.
Onyx Uwandulu says her schools days were "traumatising" and the right education could help.
Harry Styles, Ed Sheeran and Anne-Marie are among the artists performing at this year's festival.
The BBC gets exclusive access to the crime-fighting team causing "friction" for sanctioned oligarchs
Australian Josh Cavallo became the only current openly gay professional footballer after he came out last year.
Lewis Hamilton says Monaco this year is the "bumpiest" track he has ever driven because of problems with his Mercedes car in Friday practice.
Cameron Norrie's wait for a first appearance in the last 16 of a Grand Slam goes on, becoming the final British singles player to fall at the French Open.
England and Southampton goalkeeper Fraser Forster is set to join Tottenham Hotspur on a free transfer.
Watch some of Karim Benzema's best moments from this season's La Liga before Real Madrid's Champions League final against Liverpool this weekend.
Two-time Grand Slam winner Victoria Azarenka is knocked out of the French Open by Jil Teichmann in a third-round thriller at Roland Garros.
British Olympic silver medallist Keely Hodgkinson says she wants to be a dominant force on the Diamond League circuit this season.
Northern Ireland's Rhys McClenaghan and two team-mates are told they may have to renounce the Irish nationality on their gymnastics licence if he wants to defend his Commonwealth Games title.
Some 53,000 Ukrainian refugees have come to the UK - so how has it been working out?
There has been intense fighting in Lyman and Kyiv says pro-Russian forces control most of the city.
Chancellor Olaf Scholz has appeared slow to respond to Russia's onslaught on its neighbour.
Ukrainian troops are under heavy bombardment as Russian forces inch towards key targets.
More than 100,000 Russians have left for Armenia, many of them protesters fearing arrest at home.
Families who have been sheltering in a metro station since the start of the war now fear eviction.
The government is spending £1.3bn on military support, so how much of a difference is it making?
Zhanna Agalakova quit her job in March over the invasion of Ukraine and is now in hiding.
Liverpool's hopes of being crowned champions of Europe for a seventh time ends in heartbreak at the hands of Real Madrid in Paris.
Liverpool want an investigation into the "unacceptable issues" faced by fans which led to their Champions League final against Real Madrid being delayed.
Andrei Kelin tells the BBC tactical nuclear weapons have "nothing to do" with operations in Ukraine.
Families describe heartbreak and anger as more than 30,000 people face travel disruption this week.
The US vice-president makes the plea as she attends the funeral of a victim of a mass shooting.
The authority will likely move out of its HQ as a result of its £760m debt, a councillor says.
But Labour MP Angela Eagle calls the review a "pathetic" attempt to "weaponise nostalgia".
Thousands of flag-waving Israelis are due to pass through Muslim areas, amid Palestinian anger.
Ruben Ostlund's Triangle of Sadness takes the Palme d'Or on a good night for South Koreans too.
Organisers are putting the finishing touches to their plans ahead of the four-day bank holiday.
A total of 435 people win thousands of pounds, with £370,000 for one, and £185,000 for eight others.
The live World War One grenade was "capable of exploding", the police said.
In 2020, the bridge was dubbed the "most bashed" in Britain after being struck 25 times in a year.
Criticism of the PM by Tory grandees and chaotic scenes at the Champions League final lead the papers.
More than half of those to die in the latest wave to hit Hong Kong were care home residents.
A movement inspired by Western extremists uses memes to promote Hindu supremacy.
The creators of the beloved BBC comedy and a hit American remake discuss their shows' secrets.
The Duke of Cambridge watched the run-through on horseback in front of 7,000 guests.
Big name stars have been taking to the stage for the three-day event in Coventry.
As prices rise, oil and gas firms in the US want to capitalise - but the industry has changed.
Described as "horrific" and "murder", why do runners keep coming back to the Hallam Chase for more?
Those viral moments of unusual animal behaviour provide valuable insight for researchers as well.
"Copy and paste" conspiracies that spread during the pandemic are being pushed for monkeypox.
Many in Uvalde say they feel lost after the school massacre, but their faith is a source of strength.
Liverpool's magnificent season comes to a miserable conclusion in Paris amid stadium chaos and a lop-sided mixture of emotions.
Liverpool's Andy Robertson calls the Champions League final organisation a "shambles" as kick-off is delayed over half an hour because of queues of fans outside.
Wigan boss Matty Peet says they belong in history after their victory against Huddersfield gave them a 20th Challenge Cup win.
Watch highlights as Liam Marshall scores a last-gasp try for Wigan Warriors to edge Huddersfield Giants 16-14 and claim their 20th Challenge Cup title.
Charles Leclerc was denied one of the great Monaco laps by the red flag - could he be denied the race entirely in the future?
Olympic 100m champion Elaine Thompson-Herah proves she is still the one to beat with an emphatic Diamond League win over a clutch of rivals, including Britain's Dina Asher-Smith, in Eugene.
Real Madrid's latest European triumph has been built on drama and incredible comebacks - months after they were on the wrong end of one of the great Champions League shocks.
France and Germany call for "direct, serious" talks between President Putin and Ukraine's leader.
A pro-Kremlin outlet was launched at the start of the invasion to target Russian-occupied Ukraine.
Russia's military says it needs older recruits skilled in hi-tech weapons and other specialisms.
Evading the Russian forces besieging Severodonetsk, a man cycled to safety amid bombs and shells.
In a lengthy phone call with Russia's leader, France and Germany call for "direct, serious" talks.
Victims say forces let them down - while data show officers take longer to respond to emergencies.
After the report into lockdown rule-breaking, political editor Chris Mason assesses the PM's future.
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov defends the ongoing invasion of Ukraine in a French TV interview.
The president thanked troops on the country's eastern front line, and sacked the local security chief.
The scheme, which opens on Monday, is intended to attract the "brightest and best".
The Justice Department will investigate amid criticism that police waited to tackle the shooter.
Police were criticised for firing tear gas at some Liverpool fans before the Champions League final.
Nottingham Forest end their 23-year wait for Premier League football with a narrow win over Huddersfield Town in the Championship play-off final at Wembley.
An ex-rebel and a magnate likened to Donald Trump lead the first round of the presidential election.
Surrey Police want to speak to anyone who saw a young man running from the scene into nearby roads.
Some medical leaders say protest-free areas are the "only way" to protect patients and staff.
The RAC estimates 19.5 million road trips over the break with traffic likely to be worst on Friday.
Deep peat moorlands store huge amounts of carbon and are a buffer against climate change
Plans to axe dozens of EU laws, and gas shortages caused by the Ukraine war, lead the papers.
BBC Africa Eye meets the migrants who risk everything to go deep underground in South Africa’s abandoned gold mines.
The UK government says that nuclear is critical to its climate plans, but can it deliver?
The group are creating the enormous work to remember the 72 people who died in the disaster.
Thousands of fans take to the streets to celebrate Liverpool's FA and League wins.
Meet the real-life vicar who has appeared in about 30 episodes of Midsomer Murders.
Two sisters, who are world champions in mixed martial arts, want to compete for Ukraine.
After rape in Senegal was finally made a serious crime, a pop star dared to tell her own story.
The BBC's Mark Easton looks at how the Queen has repeatedly sought to make change easier.
People from Italy, Brazil, Ghana, Thailand and New Zealand discuss the impact of the cost of living crisis.
Many carriers went out of business during Covid but several seized a golden opportunity to launch.
Shama Hanif tells of her her struggle with anorexia and how she has cast off the shame she once felt.
If job-sharing mums can lead GCHQ why isn't this way of working more common?
Jockey Lester Piggott rewrote the record books and became a racing icon in a remarkable life which included a spell of imprisonment.
Conspiracies shared during the Covid pandemic are being recycled for monkeypox.
Rafael Nadal will play long-time rival Novak Djokovic in the French Open quarter-finals after winning an absorbing five-set battle with Canada's Felix Auger-Aliassime.
Despite a first-half red card, Celtic beat Glasgow City 3-2 after extra time to win the Women's Scottish Cup.
Watch Portugal's Dário Essugo score an 'utterly incredible' goal against France in the men's U17 Euros semi-final.
Gujarat Titans beat Rajasthan Royals by seven wickets to be crowned Indian Premier League champions in their first year of the tournament.
Sam Burns holes a huge birdie putt from off the green to beat world number one Scottie Scheffler in a play-off to win the Charles Schwab Challenge.
Jai Hindley becomes the first Australian to win the Giro d'Italia, easing home on the final-stage time-trial.
Ukraine's leader visits the battered eastern city and a new pro-Russia site makes misleading claims.
Ukraine's President Zelensky walks around Kharkiv before meeting soldiers and presenting them with medals.
In a BBC interview, Andrei Kelin is shown CCTV footage of Russian soldiers committing alleged war crimes.
Russia's military says it needs older recruits skilled in hi-tech weapons and other specialisms.
In a lengthy call with Russia's leader, France and Germany urge "serious" talks as fighting rages.
The latest round of EU-wide sanctions excludes pipeline oil imports after Hungary opposed a total ban.
Children can't afford lunch at school as the cost of living rises, unions say.
The information commissioner says victims are treated as suspects, and wants excessive requests to end.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says there is no reason anyone needs a gun other than for sports or hunting.
The finance director for parent company ABF blames rising costs for its decision to hike some prices.
The results in many seats had been unclear after a record vote for independents and minor parties.
Anyone who tests positive should abstain from sex while symptomatic and use condoms for eight weeks.
Uefa commissions an independent report into the scenes that delayed Saturday's Champions League final between Liverpool and Real Madrid.
The retailer will continue to trade while it looks for a buyer, administrator Teneo says.
An internal Home Office report suggests institutional racism at the Home Office caused the Windrush scandal.
The move forms government aims to cut one in five jobs to get the civil service back to 2016 levels.
Daniil Medvedev and Stefanos Tsitsipas suffer surprise fourth-round exits on a day of shocks in the men's draw at the French Open.
Airport cuts put holidays at risk, and Boris Johnson facing leadership challenges, lead the papers.
Khabar Lahariya is the first and only newsroom in India run entirely by women from marginalised backgrounds.
Jamal Edwards' mum Brenda speaks to 1Xtra Newsbeat about the impact her son had on UK music.
HMS Northumberland's deployment changed considerably due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Footage from fans shows police using pepper spray on crowds and traumatised children crying.
A former Great British Bake Off winner has beaten her own giant Jaffa Cake record.
Cole Chapman, who is 11, was out hunting for crabs when he picked up an unexploded grenade.
The perpetrator urged people to "think of the earth" while being led away from the scene.
Tom Stoltman won the event days after travelling to Seville to see Rangers in the Europa League final.
Prince Charles and Camilla will be celebrating the Queen's 70-year reign with members of the public.
Coaches now have powerful tools which can find patterns in play that humans would struggle to see.
The series returns to Netflix this week, nearly a decade after its highly-praised original run.
Nobody in Corby is certain as to exactly when the Pole Fair started or why it got its name.
Sidhu Moose Wala won millions of fans but also upset some with his fascination for guns.
Eyewitnesses give accounts that cast doubt on French claims that fake tickets caused the chaos.
Cases of monkeypox are being investigated in several countries, including the UK.
Most people wanting to come to the UK to work need to apply via a points-based system.
Suzanne Gower says what happened to Liverpool fans like her was "dangerous" and left her terrified.
Conspiracies and memes shared during the Covid pandemic are cropping up again.
BBC research finds police are taking longer to attend serious offences and charging fewer suspects.
Chelsea's £4.25bn sale to a consortium led by American investor Todd Boehly and private equity firm Clearlake Capital is completed.
Being England's Test captain will be a "learning curve" for Ben Stokes, says team-mate Jonny Bairstow.
Watch Netherlands' U17 captain Isaac Babadi calmly score a 'Panenka' penalty to win their shootout against Serbia and send the defending champions to the U17 European Championship final.
Andy Murray says the ATP and WTA have not made "a great move" by taking away Wimbledon's ranking points this year.
Novak Djokovic says he is ready for the "biggest challenge" at the French Open when he plays 13-time champion Rafael Nadal in the quarter-finals.
Inter winger Ivan Perisic is set to have a medical at Tottenham on Monday and is expected to join the club on a two-year deal.
EU leaders seek a Russian oil import ban, as heavy fighting continues in Severodonetsk.
Quentin Sommerville describes relentless artillery bombardment in Donbas ahead of Russian forces entering Severodonetsk.
The US looks set to send the weaponry, but Russia warns it would be a provocative escalation.
Sergei Lavrov says the Russian president appears in public daily and no sane person would think him ill.
Ukrainian troops are under heavy bombardment as Russian forces inch towards key targets.
After trading university for combat in Kyiv, the young soldier is in the thick of fighting in Donbas.
The Ukrainian winners of this year's song contest, Kalush Orchestra, sell their trophy for $900,000.
Andrei Kelin tells the BBC tactical nuclear weapons have "nothing to do" with operations in Ukraine.
Ukraine's President Zelensky walks around Kharkiv before meeting soldiers and presenting them with medals.
Lord Geidt says there is a "legitimate question" over whether Boris Johnson broke ministerial rules.
The UK's transport secretary seeks a meeting with airlines and airports to "find out what's gone wrong".
The BBC speaks to residents from a Russian-occupied region who say they were kidnapped and tortured.
A teacher did shut the door after earlier propping it open, but somehow it did not lock, police say.
Tests are being re-sold on a secondary market as learners face months-long waits for an exam
Vice-chancellors ask both sides to work together to save the UK's role in a multi-billion-pound scheme.
Care homes are criticised for charging top up fees such as taking residents to medical appointments.
A senior GP warns that the steep rise is likely to have a "significant impact" on doctors and staff.
The Labour leader and his deputy attended a gathering in an MP's office during lockdown.
The city beat off competition from County Durham, Southampton and Wrexham to win the coveted title.
The Republican-led state had banned social media companies from censoring users based on their "views".
Denmark is the latest Nordic country to reassess security policy after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
Rafael Nadal demonstrates why he is the greatest player in French Open history by beating Novak Djokovic in a late-night thriller to reach the semi-finals.
The PM could face a confidence vote, and an EU-UK pact on a Russian insurance ban, lead the papers.
Ahead of the Jubilee, the BBC visited the home of Sir Simon Bowes-Lyon.
Sailors around the world send traditional Royal Navy tributes to Her Majesty.
Maurice Winspear had no living friends or relatives when he died aged 98.
Prof John Parnell trains scientists to spot signs of life on Mars from his kitchen in Millport.
The seagrass is roughly 4,500 years old and three times the size of Manhattan, researchers say.
The great white shark could have helped push the megalodon to extinction through a battle for food.
Use “jeu video de competition” instead of "e-sports", language watchdog the Académie Française says.
The chip shop in the West Midlands has drawn fans from far and wide.
Jurors are deliberating after six weeks of trial in Virginia.
Climber JP Mohr died on K2 but the foundation he created continues to inspire children in Chile.
Timothy Armoo of Fanbytes explains how he, Ambrose Cooke and Mitchell Fasanya built their firm.
Curbs have been eased in Shanghai after two months - but the freedom comes with strings attached.
Patients share their experience of the cancer which has left the Rangers icon with six months to live.
The Ukrainian says she recognises items from her house on a Russian tank, including a new boiler.
Eyewitnesses give accounts that cast doubt on French claims that fake tickets caused the chaos.
Fighting rages in Severodonetsk and a Ukrainian sees her new boiler spirited away on a Russian tank.
Sex assault victims face intrusive "digital strip-searches" with records and phones seized, a report warns.
Half the squad have not played competitively since December, but Ukraine have some top players and will be driven by an enhanced sense of patriotism.
England will face Hungary in Budapest on Saturday with at least 30,000 fans in attendance - even though the fixture is being played behind closed doors.
Pace bowler Stuart Broad says England must play a style of cricket that will attract supporters to watch.
Oleksandr Zinchenko burst into tears on the eve of his team's crucial World Cup play-off with Scotland as he vowed to give the Ukrainian people "incredible emotions" with victory.
American teenager Coco Gauff says graduating was tougher than reaching the French Open semi-final after beating Sloane Stephens 7-5 6-2.
Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling is attracting interest from Bayern Munich and leading clubs in Spain amid uncertainty over his future.
West Ham forward Jarrod Bowen says it means "everything" to earn a first England call-up for the Nations League games.
One of the most photographed women in history has defined what it means to dress like a queen.
The Queen is due to appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, as part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Who appears with her will be carefully choreographed, writes the BBC's Sean Coughlan.
Going to an event or holding a street party? Find out what the weather will do.
The Platinum Jubilee marks Queen Elizabeth II's 70 year reign, with a four-day bank holiday in June.
Jurors award Mr Depp $15m in compensatory and punitive damages, but also award Ms Heard $2m.
The 96-year-old says she is "inspired by the goodwill" shown to her, ahead of four days of celebrations.
Team GB curlers, a Masterchef duo, footballers and soap stars are also on the Queen's honours list.
The parents of Alithia Ramirez say they want the world to remember their daughter through her art.
Her departure comes as the social media company faces challenges, including a slowdown in ad sales.
The fast fashion brand has found a buyer but shoppers say they are still waiting for deliveries and refunds.
Police say the suspected gunman has also died following the attack in Tulsa.
Ten teenagers are convicted of murdering Jack Woodley, who was kicked, punched and fatally stabbed.
Payton Gendron, 18, is accused of killing 10 people in a racially-motivated attack in a supermarket.
Robert Hughes - who played the lead in Australian show Hey Dad! - has been granted parole in Sydney.
The comedian's lawyers dismiss the latest claim against him - stemming from 1975 - as a "fabrication".
A heroic Ukraine rouse a performance dripping in spirit and courage to stun Scotland in an historic World Cup play-off semi-final.
Shell says the field east of Aberdeen has the potential to produce 6.5% of Britain's gas output.
The Queen launches her Platinum Jubilee celebrations, and holiday chaos continues, lead the papers.
Hairdresser Martin Li, who had to close his salon, was one of many business owners who suffered.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall raise a glass to the Queen on the TV soap.
Maisie Matilda taught herself fore-edge painting and she's now creating works for major studios.
A 44-year-old Frenchman completed 765 leaps in 24 hours at the Garry Bridge in Perthshire.
The UK singer has been trending online after featuring in the new latest series of the Netflix drama.
North Korea is tackling Covid cases across the country, but very little is known about the scale of the crisis.
A jury has returned a verdict, but a parallel case in the court of public opinion continues.
Maggie Rogers on reclaiming her sexuality, and why she left pop music to study divinity at Harvard.
Jack Woodley was beaten, kicked, stamped upon and stabbed in an attack by a gang of youths.
Ten Pacific countries have declined to sign a sweeping security deal proposed by China.
British football analysis began in a drafty hut on a military airfield 90 years ago, driven by one pioneering but misunderstood man.
The government says the service charge is voluntary - but restaurants continue to add it to the bill.
The US says the missiles will strengthen Kyiv's negotiating stance as the war nears its 100th day.
There has been significant disruption at UK airports, with flights cancelled and long queues at airports.
Top seed Iga Swiatek says it is "disappointing and surprising" to hear French Open tournament director Amelie Mauresmo say women's games are not as appealing as men's matches.
Olympic gold medallist Eve Muirhead is named on the Queen's Birthday Honours list, alongside cricketer Moeen Ali, footballer Gareth Bale and ex-footballer Rio Ferdinand.
Much-changed Wales prepare for Sunday's World Cup play-off final with a commendable display in defeat against Poland in the Nations League.
With Manchester United confirming Paul Pogba will leave the club this summer, BBC Sport's Simon Stone takes a look at where it went wrong for the World Cup winner.
Transgender athletes "are not a threat" to women's sport, says American swimmer Lia Thomas.
Watch as Eli White makes an incredible catch to prevent a home run during Texas Rangers' 3-0 win over Tampa Bay Rays.
English cricket has endured a bleak winter on and off the pitch, but the first Test of the summer comes with optimism the darkness could finally lift.
This Jubilee will be different, with the Queen largely unseen and an unspoken transition has begun, writes the BBC's Jonny Dymond.
A quick look back at the Queen's 70 years on the throne and her past jubilee speeches.
One of the most photographed women in history has defined what it means to dress like a queen.
The Queen is due to appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace, as part of her Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Who appears with her will be carefully choreographed, writes the BBC's Sean Coughlan.
The Platinum Jubilee marks Queen Elizabeth II's 70 year reign, with a four-day bank holiday in June.
The area outside Buckingham Palace is transformed ahead of celebratory events in London.
The Queen will miss the St Paul's service but joined a beacon lighting ceremony on Thursday evening.
The US president says too many places in America have become "killing fields".
Defence officials are urged to either scrap or fix a controversial Ajax armoured vehicle programme.
The DVSA is closing down accounts on its booking site that are not linked to driving instructors.
Two rainbow flag posts for Pride month were condemned by Kuwait officials for "supporting homosexuality".
The actor makes his first public appearance since the verdict in his court case against Amber Heard.
Russian forces are intensifying attacks on the city of Severodonetsk in the eastern Donbas region.
A claim representing 1,500 investors wants £18m from the 'referee' of Neil Woodford's fund.
Experts say it is possible that the virus can be caught by eating meat from an infected animal.
French Open tournament director Amelie Mauresmo apologises for saying women's matches were less appealing than men's and says she was quoted "out of context".
Walkers claim access to a historical right-of-way is hampered by the Harry Potter author's firm.
Canada called the incidents unprofessional and potentially hazardous to aircrew in the Pacific.
Officials are in talks on how many tickets will go to Ukrainian refugees for Sunday's crucial clash.
The Queen's Platinum Jubilee and her "scene stealing" great-grandson Prince Louis, leads the papers.
TV viewers in Russia see only the Kremlin’s version of events in Ukraine.
Two teachers and 19 children were killed and caskets are being made to reflect their passions.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and beyond this week.
Prince George, Prince Louis, and Princess Charlotte were among those at the Trooping the Colour.
The anthem was played before French President Macron rekindled the 'eternal flame' by the Arc de Triomphe.
As the offensive intensifies in the country's east, what will happen next? Here are some potential scenarios.
Because of their experiences on the front line, some troops are seeking legal advice to avoid being redeployed.
She hopes to topple a Texas congressman, but is fighting for abortion rights a vote winner here?
The city state is feeling the impact of Malaysia's export curbs on chicken.
Fighting continues in the east as authorities in occupied Zaporizhzhia move to nationalise property.
Kshama Bindu will have all the trappings of a traditional wedding ceremony apart from an actual groom.
The government says it has the situation under control, but what do we really know about the scale of the crisis?
Ben Stokes will hope being England captain can not be any more bizarre than the first day at Lord's, but will know that the ups and downs have only just begun.
American teenager Coco Gauff says she is comfortable with speaking out about social issues and believes sports stars can use their platform to drive change.
Northern Ireland's search for a first-ever Nations League win stretches to 11 matches after a deflating 1-0 home defeat by Greece.
Watch highlights as England make a chaotic start to the first Test against New Zealand as 17 wickets fall on the first day at Lord's.
England debutant Matthew Potts removes Kane Williamson, Daryl Mitchell and Tom Blundell in the first session for a dream start to Test cricket at Lord's.
Three-time Grand Slam winner Andy Murray says he feels inspired by the performances of Rafael Nadal and Marin Cilic at the French Open.
Lyon want to re-sign Arsenal's Lacazette, Man Utd offered Asensio, Barcelona have Lukaku as an option, Roma could move for Lingard, plus more.
Ricardo Horta scores on his first Portugal appearance in almost eight years as they draw with Spain in their Nations League opener.
Thousands crammed into The Mall for Trooping the Colour - and many felt the emotion of the moment.
More than 3,500 beacons were lit in the UK and Commonwealth nations.
How a young princess's love for her dog turned into a life's passion.
Waving and pulling funny faces, Prince Louis attracted some attention on his great-grandmother's big day.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex joined the Queen's Jubilee celebrations but kept a low-profile.
Thousands gather in London for the start of a long weekend of festivities for the Platinum Jubilee.
As the Queen marks 70 years on the throne, we present an image from every year of her life.
Thousands turned out in central London to celebrate the UK's longest-reigning monarch.
The Platinum Jubilee marks Queen Elizabeth II's 70 year reign, with a four-day bank holiday in June.
This Jubilee will be different, with the Queen largely unseen and an unspoken transition has begun, writes the BBC's Jonny Dymond.
The Queen will watch the Epsom horse race on TV, while senior royals attend celebrations across the UK.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex successfully stepped back into the royal spotlight, our correspondent says.
African Union head Macky Sall urges Russia's president to ease grain and fertiliser exports.
Residents in the southern region of Ukraine speak of their defiance and dread as the war rages on.
Uefa apologises to Liverpool and Real Madrid fans "who had to experience or witness frightening and distressing events" at last Saturday's Champions League final.
More than 110 Post Offices close for 24 hours as staff walk out in a dispute over pay.
The video appears to show a group of people mocking the killing of Michaela McAreavey in Mauritius.
Rafael Nadal says reaching a 14th French Open final because opponent Alexander Zverev retired injured is "not the way" he wanted to win.
At least four people die and some 30 are injured after a train derails in the state of Bavaria.
Emerson Royal thanks an off-duty police officer who saved him from an armed robbery in Brazil.
The market's billionaire owner is reportedly hoping a deal will net him as much as £1.5bn.
Marriott says Western sanctions have made it "impossible" to continue to remain in Russia.
Running Up That Hill runs back up the UK charts after being used in the Netflix drama's new series.
Gratitude for the Queen and reported tensions between her grandsons lead the front pages.
Halima Cissé, who gave birth to nine babies last year, explains how she manages to look after them all.
Here's why you need more than one Covid jab.
Born on 25 February, a child from Kyiv is growing up in a Ukraine ruptured by war.
A car lover bought it for £2,000, before investigations with his wife uncovered its royal history.
The Beatles drummer receives an honorary doctorate from the Berklee Academy of Music in Boston.
Five years after the terror attack on and around London Bridge, we've spoken to people who were there.
The footage of the osprey feeding her chick is described as a "magical moment".
The actor makes his first public appearance since the verdict in his court case against Amber Heard.
UFC fighter Paddy Pimblett tells French media men with weapons were attacking and robbing fans.
Some of the world's best beans come from an island in DR Congo, where ex-fighters get a second chance.
Tens of thousands of acres of farmland lie idle because farmers can't get enough water to grow crops.
Nilambur Ayisha was targeted by people who believed a Muslim woman shouldn't act, but she never gave up.
Airlines including Tui and EasyJet have cancelled dozens of flights over the half-term holiday.
The BBC's Scotland editor James Cook examines how the country's view of the monarchy has evolved.
As the threat of Russia’s invasion loomed, Kyiv refused to cower. But then it was forced to adapt.
Could the Depp-Heard case have a chilling effect on others bringing allegations of domestic abuse?
The city state is feeling the economic impact of Malaysia's export curbs on chicken.
A "pathetic" batting display has cost England in the first Test against New Zealand, according to Michael Vaughan.
The Netherlands begin their Nations League campaign with a dominant win over a dire Belgium, who also lose Romelu Lukaku to injury.
Daryl Mitchell and Tom Blundell's unbeaten partnership of 180 gives New Zealand an imposing lead over England on the second day of the first Test at Lord's.
Andy Murray reaches the Surbiton Trophy semi-finals after beating American Brandon Nakashima in a tight encounter.
Double Olympic champion Jade Jones wins -57kg silver at the World Taekwondo Grand Prix in Rome.
Denmark substitute Andreas Cornelius scores twice as they come from behind to beat France in their Nations League opener.
Preview followed by live coverage of Saturday's Uefa Nations League game between Hungary and England.
The food served at royal street parties reflect the changing tastes of a nation.
Margaret Tyler has thousand of items of royal souvenirs and artefacts and has met the Queen four times.
They were among hundreds of guests paying tribute to the Queen.
How a young princess's love for her dog turned into a life's passion.
The Archbishop of York refers to the Queen's love of racing as royals attend Jubilee event in her absence.
Royals, politicians and Commonwealth officials gathered in St Paul's Cathedral to give thank to the Queen.
Boris Johnson gets a mixed reaction as he arrives with his wife Carrie Johnson.
Princess Anne and her husband also met Ukrainian orphans during a visit to Edinburgh Zoo.
"Thank you," says the Queen's son, in a heartfelt tribute ahead of the final day of celebrations.
The Queen and the animated children's character professed a shared love for marmalade sandwiches.
The PM wants us to know he plans to get on with the job - but some of his MPs have other ideas.
The French leader wants to give Vladimir Putin an "exit ramp", but Ukraine rejects that stance.
Ukrainian refugees are invited to the match as Wales face Ukraine for a place in the World Cup.
China has effectively banned the city's annual vigil commemorating the Tiananmen Square massacre.
Abbott says it is restarting its plant in Michigan after it was closed because of contamination.
Rafael Nadal bids for a record-extending 14th French Open title against Casper Ruud on Sunday - in a meeting between master and "student".
The explosion happened after a fire broke out at a depot in the south-eastern town of Sitakunda.
Senior royals tweet birthday wishes to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's daughter as she turns one.
The police watchdog and the Met Police are investigating following the incident in Chelsea, London.
Dmitry Kovtun, one of two men the UK says were behind the poisoning, has died in Russia of Covid.
Services to and from London Kings Cross were brought to a standstill after a trespasser got on the tracks.
A star-studded Jubilee concert and surprise appearance from Paddington Bear lead the front pages.
Stars of the stage, screen and the sporting world perform at the Platinum Party at the Palace.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The owner of the Victorian Model Workshop believes it's the only shop of its kind open to the public.
Communities across the country have been coming together to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.
The UN and human rights groups have warned authorities in Sri Lanka against using excessive force.
From food for the poor to Ozzy Osbourne and Kermit the Frog - the story of two centuries of jubilees.
Henry the cat has become popular with hospital patients and staff, despite not being allowed inside.
Gratitude for the Queen and reported tensions between her grandsons lead the front pages.
A car lover bought it for £2,000, before investigations with his wife uncovered its royal history.
Governments are due to meet in Bonn to discuss progress on climate action since COP26.
The success of beauty start-ups has disrupted the Indian market as homegrown brands offer a vast variety.
Nigeria is the biggest former British colony in Africa but not many people are celebrating the jubilee.
Nilambur Ayisha was targeted by people who believed a Muslim woman shouldn't act, but she never gave up.
Pace bowler Stuart Broad has a "really good feeling" England can complete victory in a thrilling first Test against New Zealand.
Iga Swiatek uses her French Open victory speech to urge Ukraine to "stay strong", days after her opponent Coco Gauff calls for an end to gun violence.
Joe Cordina becomes Wales' 13th world champion boxer as he stuns champion Kenichi Ogawa with a second-round knockout to take the IBF super-featherweight title.
Watch highlights as Joe Root and Ben Stokes give England hope of a stunning victory on a gripping third day of the first Test against New Zealand at Lord's.
Liverpool forward Sadio Mane jokes that he "would do what the Senegalese want" in response to rumours he may leave the club this summer.
An inexperienced Italy team begin their rebuilding job by claiming an impressive home draw with Germany in the two sides' Nations League opener.
Performers from Diana Ross and Sir Rod Stewart to Jason Donovan and Sam Ryder played outside the palace.
Singaporean dancer Janice Ho speaks to the BBC about portraying the Queen at the Jubilee Pageant.
Alicia Keys, Diana Ross and Sam Ryder took to the stage, but the Royal Family were the real stars.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge was in Cardiff with the princess and her brother, Prince George.
They're the Queen's favourite dogs - and some people just can't get enough.
The BBC's Scotland editor James Cook examines how the country's view of the monarchy has evolved.
Royals, politicians and Commonwealth officials gathered in St Paul's Cathedral to give thanks to the Queen.
The monarch waved from her balcony as the four-day weekend's events drew to a close.
The Queen watched Friday and Saturday's Jubilee events from home after experiencing "discomfort".
A small number of cutting-edge rocket systems will be sent, despite a fresh warning from Russia.
Some Conservative MPs say a vote on Boris Johnson's leadership could be triggered in the coming week.
Thousands of holiday-makers are thought to be stuck in Europe after the weekend's flight cancellations.
Wales beat Ukraine in Cardiff to qualify for their first World Cup finals in 64 years.
Patients are missing out on basic care and medicines as the NHS struggles to fill posts, staff say.
It comes after the Afghan veterans won a legal battle to allow the interpreter to settle in the UK.
The biggest ever trial of a four-day week gets under way with up to 70 firms taking part.
Tenants are going to great lengths to secure a home from offering big deposits to sharing photos of their dogs.
US climate envoy John Kerry warns the world is "cooked" if countries continue using coal.
Balkan countries deny Sergei Lavrov's plane use of their airspace, scuppering his Serbia visit.
Rafael Nadal says he won his record-extending 14th French Open title with "no feeling" in his chronically injured left foot.
The Queen's Jubilee tribute to the nation and a possible confidence vote in the PM lead Monday's papers.
For the first time, ITV's Love Island contestants will be dressed in pre-owned clothes.
The campaigner who was shot and wants the Robert Kennedy murder case reopened.
Communities across the country have been coming together to mark the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.
The most striking images as Wales beat Ukraine to make their World Cup return after 64 years.
Belfast-born illustrator Elizabeth Shaw lived a remarkable life in communist East Germany
The Platinum Jubilee saw a huge outpouring of love for the Queen - and ever-dutiful she performed another service to her people.
After a long weekend of pomp and pageantry, the focus now turns to the prime minister's future.
China plans to put astronauts on the Moon and send probes to Mars and Jupiter. Why the grand plans?
India's move to ban exports rattled global markets, but the government says it won't have much impact.
Albanese's government is promising to restore ties with its "brothers and sisters" - is it too late?
Some 90% of people in the Central African Republic lack access to the internet, needed to use Bitcoin.
A Canadian tech firm is allowing people to take a cut of online advertising revenue.
Homegrown start-ups like Nykaa have disrupted the Indian skincare market with their wide range.
Wales' thrilling 1-0 World Cup play-off final win over Ukraine on Sunday is their "greatest" result, says Gareth Bale.
Great Britain's Jake Wightman wins the men's 1500m as Jake Heyward finishes second at the Diamond League meeting in Rabat.
Lionel Messi scores all five of Argentina's goals as they continue their fine form by thrashing Estonia in a friendly in Pamplona, Spain.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Portugal thrash Switzerland to move top of their Nations League group.
Australia's Minjee Lee cruises to a four-shot victory in the US Women's Open as she cards 71 in the final round at Pine Needles.
Wales reach a World Cup for the first time since 1958 as Gareth Bale's deflected free-kick sees them beat Ukraine 1-0 in Sunday's play-off final in Cardiff.
A prince steals the show, and a surprise encounter with Paddington Bear.
The Royal Family were among tens of thousands watching the parade from central London.
The Platinum Jubilee closes with another appearance by the Queen at Buckingham Palace.
A huge pageant and thousands of street parties across the UK are among Sunday's Jubilee festivities.
Alicia Keys, Diana Ross and Sam Ryder took to the stage, but the Royal Family were the real stars.
Stars of the stage, screen and the sporting world perform at the Platinum Party at the Palace.
The PM is backed by a majority of Conservative MPs but 41% revolt against him in a vote on his leadership.
Ukraine's president says fighting in the key cities of Severodonetsk and Lysychansk has been intense.
Travel agents say staff are dealing with calls from holidaymakers anxious about their plans.
Shoppers are buying footwear and beauty items, but not furniture and electronics, new figures suggest.
The journalist was travelling with a Brazilian indigenous expert in Brazil when they went missing.
The Sussexes release an image of their daughter at a picnic in Windsor.
Three Arizona officers are placed on leave after standing by as a man in a lake pleaded for help.
Nurse leaders are concerned about access to care and support for those with long-term problems.
Jim Fitton, 66, is sentenced to 15 years for attempting to smuggle 12 stones and broken pottery.
Concerns over France's suitability to host sporting events have been raised in the Commons.
The pair are accused in South Africa of large-scale corruption and exerting unfair political influence.
Patients in England will be able to get early access to promising new treatments.
The billionaire accuses the company of "thwarting" his requests to learn more about spam accounts.
Members of Wales' LGBTQ+ supporters group refuse to travel to Qatar, where homosexuality is illegal.
Boris Johnson may have won last night's confidence vote, but his problems remain, our political editor says.
Conservative MPs have voted on whether they want prime minister Boris Johnson to remain their leader.
The prime minister says backing by 211 out of 359 Tory MPs will allow his government to "do our job".
Sir Graham Brady announces that Boris Johnson has won his leadership confidence vote over by 211 votes to 148.
Thirty-six Conservative MPs have so far broken cover to urge the PM to step down over Partygate.
The fallout from the prime minister's narrow victory in Monday's vote of confidence leads the papers
For the first time, ITV's Love Island contestants will be dressed in pre-owned clothes.
Women from across Australia will present a visual petition to MPs, calling for urgent action.
Fans celebrated at the final whistle as Wales made it to their first football World Cup in 64 years.
Scientists hope to show that modified lobster pots fitted with lights can be used to catch molluscs.
A prince steals the show, a surprise encounter with Paddington Bear and a balcony finale.
Monday morning marks the end of the celebrations as Tube strike brings the network to a halt.
As the economic crisis in Lebanon continues to bite, parents are struggling to support their children.
The Conservatives made promises on nurses, police, Brexit and immigration in their 2019 manifesto.
Ahead of her new TV show, the writer speaks to Newsbeat about being a modern-day agony aunt.
There has been significant disruption at UK airports, with flights cancelled and long queues at airports.
The government is spending £1.3bn on military support, so how much of a difference is it making?
The Platinum Jubilee saw a huge outpouring of love for the Queen - and ever-dutiful she performed another service to her people.
China plans to put astronauts on the Moon and send probes to Mars and Jupiter. Why the grand plans?
India's move to ban wheat exports rattled global markets, but the government says it won't have much impact.
Six-time major champion Phil Mickelson will play at the opening LIV Golf Invitational Series after a four-month break from the sport.
Cardiff City are stepping up their efforts to pull off the improbable signing of Wales captain Gareth Bale following his exit from Real Madrid.
Northern Ireland rider Davy Morgan is killed in a crash during the Supersport race at the Isle of Man TT.
Nadya Karpova is one of very few Russian sportspeople to speak out against the war in Ukraine. She does so almost every day.
England bowler Stuart Broad says their first Test victory over New Zealand was "one of the most fun weeks" the team has had.
England manager Gareth Southgate welcomes Germany's decision to take a knee in solidarity ahead of Tuesday's Nations League match in Munich.
Nations League champions France are on one point from two games after being held by Croatia in Split.
Boris Johnson's supporters believe the move would help heal divisions within the Conservative Party.
Health Secretary Sajid Javid says the findings are "stark" ahead of the report's publication later.
The RMT union and the rail industry both say they want to try and get a deal to avoid June strikes.
The pair, who fought for Ukraine, are accused by Russian-backed separatists of acting as mercenaries.
A handful of streets in a leafy town on Kyiv's doorstep were subjected to weeks of deadly occupation.
A new map traces the shape of the remote ocean bed surrounding Antarctica.
Arnulfo Reyes lost 11 of his students in the gun attack on a primary school in Uvalde, Texas.
Harry Kane scores his 50th England goal with a late penalty to earn a Nations League draw with Germany in Munich.
Two days after Dom Phillips disappeared, his wife appeals to Brazil to locate "the love of my life".
Uber has built a "private-label" version of its delivery platform to help the UN deliver food and water.
The EU has provisionally agreed new mobile devices must, by autumn 2024, use the same type of charger.
Millions of young shoppers are borrowing money to make buy now pay later repayments, says Citizens Advice.
Her approach has been criticised but she said she had "nothing to apologise for".
Rebel plans to paralyse the government and a rail workers' vote for industrial action lead the papers.
Human rights activists say the number of reported so-called 'honour killings' in Iran is rising
The actor spoke to back "responsible gun ownership" after a school shooting in his Texas hometown.
The "adventurous" reptile, who has been a family pet for 70 years, is found after eight months.
The remains were found near the San José galleon, which was sunk by the British in 1708.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex release an image of their daughter at a picnic they hosted in Windsor.
The 23-year-old from North Yorkshire tells fellow contestants it is "just something cool" about her.
The lawsuit claims the film studio did not have the rights to release Top Gun: Maverick.
A hidden camera has been installed close to a pair of curlew nests in the Antrim Hills.
Scientists hope to show that modified lobster pots fitted with lights can be used to catch molluscs.
The British volunteers helping Ukrainians escape Russian attacks.
Brahms was the UK's first portable encrypted communications system designed to allow talk securely.
Why are UK pump prices at record highs, and when might they fall?
Survivors and bereaved families remember the biggest loss of life in the Falklands War, 40 years on.
The Swedish star explains why she's rejected the slick, corporate Spotify sound to follow her gut.
Railway workers have voted to go on strike over pay and jobs.
Ferrari have endured a bumpy recent ride in F1 - including their worst season in 40 years. Team principal Mattia Binotto tells BBC Sport's Andrew Benson how they have made it back to the top.
Emma Raducanu says she has "no idea" whether she will be fit for Wimbledon after she retired from her Nottingham Open opener against Viktorija Golubic.
Two-time major champion Dustin Johnson resigns from the PGA Tour in order to play in the Saudi Arabian-funded LIV Invitational Series.
England Under-21s beat Albania Under-21s to qualify for the 2023 European Under-21 Championship.
Watch the moment Emma Raducanu retires injured from her first-round match against Viktorija Golubic at the Nottingham Open.
Saracens flanker Ben Earl is named as the Premiership player of the season after playing a key role in their title bid.
He is expected to give a new right-to-buy pledge and suggest benefits should count towards mortgages.
A review is expected to suggest a gradual increase as part of the drive to eradicate smoking by 2030.
Miah Cerillo, 11, told lawmakers about her harrowing experience surviving the school shooting.
Evidence suggests the driver was a "mentally ill person running amok", a regional official says.
Ukraine's president says fighting for Severodonetsk may prove decisive in the battle for the east.
Ros Atkins looks at the controversy surrounding the new Saudi-funded golf tournament.
The man was arrested early on Wednesday morning outside the home of Justice Brett Kavanaugh.
Experts warn health inequalities will be widened by the surge in the cost of living.
Waverley council says it is "the worst possible outcome" and could lead to "irreversible harm".
Owners of unoccupied properties would be hit with higher council tax under "levelling up" plans.
A new administration will be able to make reforms after a report found gross failures of governance.
A sheriff said Declan Clarke's actions constituted "fly-tipping on an industrial scale".
Organisers confirm Cesar Chanal died and Olivier Lavorel is critical after the crash on Saturday.
Gloomy forecasts for the UK economy next year and new highs for the price of petrol lead the papers.
A BBC Arabic investigation uncovers allegations that Qatar is underreporting the number of migrant workers who have died of heat stroke.
The city had been in lockdown for two months as China imposed its "zero Covid" policy on the population of 25m.
X-rays on the waxed box show the contents still inside - including biscuits, boiled sweets and tea.
Kyle Grieve was invited to play at the Falkirk gig after holding up a sign asking "Can I drum?"
Footage shows officials taking to the water to detain a man in the US state of Florida.
The broadcaster and conservationist was honoured by the Prince of Wales at Windsor Castle.
A gallery representing the celebrated painter says she died peacefully at her home in north London.
Imogen has a condition which means she used to struggle to communicate.
How dimming street lights is helping those tracking potential asteroid hazards heading close to Earth.
The actor backed "responsible gun ownership" after a school shooting in his Texas hometown.
Much Ukrainian grain is stuck in silos, while Russia reportedly ships some cargoes from Crimea.
Some claim that the Tom Cruise flick is standing up to Beijing, but it's too early to cheer.
The UK economy cannot afford to have more of its 10.5m army of carers quit the workforce for good.
Why are UK pump prices at record highs, and when might they fall?
Why making Japan's favourite snack more expensive was so controversial it prompted an ad campaign.
Boris Johnson made promises on Brexit, immigration, taxes and health - has he delivered on them?
The Netherlands spoil Wales' World Cup qualification party with a late 2-1 Nations League victory in Cardiff.
Scotland sweep Armenia aside in their Nations League opener at Hampden a week on from World Cup play-off disappointment.
The golfers playing in the inaugural Saudi-funded LIV Golf event this week are doing it for "boatloads of cash", says Rory McIlroy.
Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood refuse to answer hypothetical questions on whether they would play in Russia or South Africa during apartheid at a media event for the LIV Golf tournament in London.
There are five major factors behind New Zealand remarkable rise in the world of Test cricket. England have been paying attention.
The Republic of Ireland's miserable start to the Nations League continues as Ukraine recover from missing out on World Cup qualification with a win in Dublin.
Emma Raducanu is expected to be fit for Wimbledon after a scan shows the injury which forced her to retire at the Nottingham Open was a side strain.
A prime-time hearing airs a clip of Ivanka Trump rejecting her father's claim the election was stolen.
Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner are sentenced alongside a Moroccan man in a court held by pro-Russian rebels.
Russian president says oil and gas profits are increasing thanks to rising energy prices.
Officials say members of a mysterious religious group brought Holly Crouse to a church after the killing.
Details of the royal wreck are revealed for the first time after it was found by divers 15 years ago.
More animals surrendered in the first three months of the year than in the whole of 2021.
Chancellor Rishi Sunak has been caught out by interest rate rises, a research institute says.
The kits, sold on the High Street, are not predictive enough to pinpoint the change of life, top UK doctors warn.
Sellers simply call ivory by other names including 'bovine bone', investigation shows.
Billions have been "splurged" on PPE some of which is now going to be burned, a committee of MPs says.
Mykhaylo Podolyak told the BBC that Ukraine needs more weapons to match Russia's firepower.
The child protection charity collected figures on offences from police forces across England.
YouTube is being criticised for failing to tackle a network of scammers streaming fake Elon Musk videos.
Death sentences ordered by a Russian proxy court for two Britons in Ukraine lead Friday's papers.
Nine days after he was assaulted in the 6 January 2021 attack, Jeff Smith died by suicide.
A female bear was forced to protect her cub from a male in Spain's Cantabrian mountains.
Anna Chonjnicka bruises the skin of bananas to create intricate artworks before eating her creations.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The Duke of Cambridge was seen wearing the Big Issue uniform and selling copies of the magazine.
Disney+ series Ms Marvel, which stars Iman Vellani, is said to have made "pop culture history".
The Soho roads off Oxford Street will host rotating permanent art run by The Photographers' Gallery.
It would make it the first country to charge farmers for the methane emissions from their animals.
Karis Hedges who captured the image says the seal was acting like it was "the most normal thing" to do.
Can the prime minister tackle the rising cost of living while grappling with challenges to his leadership?
As Love Island contestants get dressed in second-hand clothes, can fashion ever be eco-friendly?
Saxon Mullins sparked a national debate after saying she felt let down after making a rape allegation.
The actor and comedian on why he wanted to make a TV version of Kit de Waal's novel My Name Is Leon.
The once-popular Asian destination has some of the world's toughest Covid-19 restrictions.
Tougher rules on watering gardens mean residents will have to consider alternatives to green grass.
A five-party alliance led by Jean-Luc Mélenchon aims to deny the president control of parliament.
With filling up an average car now costing £100, are drivers doing the right things to save money?
Multiple whistleblowers - current and former staff - say children were failed.
Some claim that the Tom Cruise movie is standing up to Beijing, but the reality is more complicated.
Why making Japan's favourite snack more expensive was so controversial it prompted an ad campaign.
As president of the Edinburgh Fringe, the Fleabag star says it will be more inclusive and accessible.
Social mobility chief Katherine Birbalsingh says debate too fixated on getting poor to top universities.
Five years on, the man who led victim identification describes how the block was "liable to collapse".
The PGA Tour's decision to ban its members who are playing in LIV Golf's first event near London is the latest twist in the saga that is rocking the game of golf.
There seems to be no end to Northern Ireland's Nations League misery as a 3-2 defeat by Kosovo means they have now gone 13 games without in a win in the competition.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah and Chelsea's Sam Kerr win the PFA players' player of the year awards.
Britain's Harriet Dart saves three match points to stun third seed Camila Giorgi and reach her first WTA quarter-final at the Nottingham Open.
New Zealand captain Kane Williamson will miss the second Test against England after testing positive for Covid-19 the night before the match.
Britain's Dina Asher-Smith finishes third in the 200m at the Rome Diamond League as Jamaica's Shericka Jackson wins ahead of Elaine Thompson-Herah.
American businessman Chris Kirchner is given until 17:00 BST on Friday to provide evidence that he can complete the purchase of Derby County.
Why are UK pump prices at record highs, and when might they fall?
Many businesses are grappling with rising costs at a time when consumers are watching their finances.
With the cost of cod, oil and other ingredients going up, chippies fear customers will stay away.
People who rely on their cars for work tell Radio 1 Newsbeat of the impact of the petrol crisis.
Mark Biggs of Biggzy's Ice Cream says some weeks he does not make any money due to rising bills
Campaigners fail in their legal bid to halt the removals set for Tuesday but will appeal.
UK journalist Dom Phillips and indigenous expert Bruno Pereira went missing last weekend.
Boris Johnson condemns a Russian proxy court's "sham" death sentences for two British fighters.
The pop star posted a video to Instagram to show how only half of his face could move.
A shortage of diamorphine means former heroin users have relapsed for the first time in decades.
The government says the 7.3% cap offers "peace of mind for graduates" as the cost of living grows.
Some flyers have been left waiting hours for help getting off planes, the UK regulator says.
A man is held on suspicion of murder after a 15-year-old died and a woman was injured in Manchester.
The government says the measure could further cut the number of smokers, especially among the young.
Conditions in the city, now in Russian hands, could lead to a resurgence of the disease, authorities fear.
Father and son Roger and Bradley Stockton die in a crash on the last lap of the Isle of Man TT sidecar race two.
The Uvalde school police chief told the Texas Tribune that officers responded without hesitation.
Director David Lynch remembers Cruise as "a great musician, a great singer and a great human being".
Claims the Prince of Wales has criticised the UK scheme to send some asylum seekers to Rwanda makes headlines.
Ms Magazine covered issues such as equal rights, abortion and domestic violence in a way that no other magazine had before.
Dame Emma Thompson on her 'brave' sexy new role in new film Good Luck To You, Leo Grande.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
An NHS worker's videos with her feathered friend have had 22m views on social media.
Details of the royal wreck are revealed for the first time after it was found by divers 15 years ago.
Stars of the long-running Australian show say the final day of filming is "incredibly emotional".
An unprecedented real-time war crimes investigation is testing Ukraine's local prosecutors.
After two years of Covid rules, airline disruption and rail strikes risk overshadowing the summer.
With a nod to history, Putin now feels bold enough to admit that his operation is an occupation.
The activist's family are hoping Anthony Albanese will step in as a deportation deadline looms.
From strokes and Parkinson's to PTSD, severe conditions can be helped with game-based therapies.
"People talk about goose bumps and hairs standing up on their necks," says singer Dafydd Iwan.
There are warnings that conditions in the ruined city could lead to outbreaks of cholera.
An Iranian policeman set to be deported under the UK's new scheme says his life will be in danger.
Billy Bingham, who managed Northern Ireland at the 1982 and 1986 World Cup finals, dies at the age of 90.
Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel say they will continue to speak out on issues despite FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem questioning whether drives should "impose their beliefs" on others.
As Love Island contestants get dressed in second-hand clothes, can fashion ever be eco-friendly?
Three women recall their experiences attending call-outs in the 1970s, when only men could join the fire service.
Bryson DeChambeau becomes the most significant player to turn his back on the PGA Tour and join the new Saudi-funded LIV Golf Invitational series.
England made the "right call" by bowling first in the second Test against New Zealand, according to fast bowling coach Jon Lewis.
Daryl Mitchell's six drops into an unfortunate fan's beer on day one of the second Test between England and New Zealand in Nottingham.
Manchester United contact Barcelona over the availability of Frenkie de Jong.
The deletion of CCTV footage from outside the Stade de France on the day of the Champions League final is "deeply concerning", says Liverpool chief executive Billy Hogan.
England are already facing a fight to get back into the second Test after New Zealand took the initiative on day one at Trent Bridge.
Single mum Safina has taken an extreme approach to saving money since her events business collapsed.
Official data reveals heightened concern among households about the rising cost of living.
People living in parts of the Highlands are used to paying more for petrol and diesel.
With filling up an average car now costing £100, are drivers doing the right things to save money?
People working and visiting the Whitfield Valley Centre speak about the rising cost of bills.
More animals surrendered in the first three months of the year than in the whole of 2021.
Two mass shootings have renewed calls for action but chances of a deal in Congress are slim.
Russian shelling causes a huge fire at the Azot plant in Severodonetsk, a Ukrainian official says.
They say that as a Ukraine resident Shaun Pinner should be treated as a prisoner of war.
There has been an increase in motorists driving off without paying or claiming they have no wallet.
"Hero" Hywel Morgan, 47, died after rescuing two children who were caught in a rip current.
The case against the footballer was thrown out because the accuser's lawyer relied on stolen records.
A team of doctors performed cataract surgery on a lion in Gujarat state to save his vision.
The singer briefly halts her concert at the O2 arena after several fans pass out in the heat.
They are taking the case to the Court of Appeal after a judge ruled the first flight could go ahead.
The food should not be "forced" on Scottish markets by a new UK bill, a government minister says.
Police name a teenager boy who was killed in a stabbing in the Miles Platting area of Manchester.
There is widespread anger in China after footage went viral of an attack on a group of women.
England's winless run continues as they are held to a draw by Italy in a Nations League game played behind closed doors at Molineux.
Prince Charles' alleged comments on the UK's plan to send some asylum seekers to Rwanda continues to makes headlines.
A PhD student has been creating audio memory boxes for hospice patients in Northern Ireland.
How a boyhood dream to join the circus came true for trapeze artist Trystan Chambers.
An artist’s commissions throughout the pandemic capture an"industry on its knees" but also "hope".
It is only the third time the Long Hope Direct at St John's Head in Hoy has been climbed.
A BBC One crime drama examines how murder ignites the deep divides in a former mining community.
Film producer Hopwood DePree swapped LA for Rochdale to save his family's ancient ancestral home.
Samantha Cristoforetti has developed a huge following through her TikToks from on board the ISS.
Five-year-old Tilli, from Suffolk, is one of 400 children to have a stroke in the UK every year.
The recall of San Francisco's top public prosecutor amid rising drug deaths exposes a rift on the left.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has defends Lewis Hamilton after the seven-time champion was out-qualified by team-mate George Russell for the third consecutive race.
As England fail to score from open play for a third successive game, do the Three Lions have problems in attack?
Former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel pockets $4.75m (£3.86m) with a one-stroke victory at the inaugural LIV Golf Invitational event in Hertfordshire
Wales' Olympic champion Lauren Price makes a winning start to her professional career with an impressive victory over Valgerdur Gudstensdottir.
England's attempt to build confidence in their fragile team is being tested at Trent Bridge, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Rory McIlroy puts himself in a strong position to defend his Canadian Open title as a five under 65 moves him into a share of the lead heading into the final round.
Daryl Mitchell's superb 190 gives New Zealand complete control of the second Test against England on day two at Trent Bridge.
People living in parts of the Highlands are used to paying more for petrol and diesel.
Joe Biden says the plans are a step in the right direction, but they fall far short of what he called for.
Russia has killed hundreds of civilians in Kharkiv with indiscriminate weapons, according to a new report.
England's future food strategy is being released amid criticism from campaigners it lacks ambition.
The NI secretary says the bill and the government's legal advice will be published on Monday.
Africa Eye investigates a Chinese video-making industry which exploits children across Africa.
The Duchess of Cornwall and Baroness Amos will also be installed in the royal Order of the Garter.
UK journalist Dom Phillips and indigenous expert Bruno Pereira went missing on 5 June in the Amazon.
A strong showing by a left-green alliance jeopardises the French president's parliamentary majority.
A former acrobatic gymnast has become the first to win a civil case against British Gymnastics for the abuse she experienced in the sport.
Jordan Gatley was killed as Ukrainian forces fought for control of Severodonetsk, his family said.
The business secretary wants to know if a 5p fuel duty cut is being passed on quickly enough to drivers.
Legendary Wales, British and Irish Lions and Llanelli fly-half Phil Bennett has died at the age of 73.
The government's bill to change the Northern Ireland Protocol is the focus for many of Monday's papers.
Archive footage and film from recent times highlights the importance of island airports to Hebridean communities.
In two years, she would overtake Louis XIV of France who reigned for more than 72 years.
No longer able to rely on workers from places like Ukraine, the UK is recruiting from further afield.
The new Russian brand is called "Vkusno i Tochka", which translates to "Tasty and that's it".
Ricky Lightfoot reveals he had been awake for 29 hours before the event after flying from Tenerife.
It is thought the stern of the warship, which sank in 1682, is "almost certainly intact".
The war lasted two months and killed nearly 1,000 soldiers - more than 600 of whom were Argentinian.
The bid to change post-Brexit trade procedures is set to prompt a row, writes our political editor.
After it failed at Grenfell, why are people still being told to "stay put" in tower block fires?
Within 10 years people may be able to have a intelligent online version of themselves.
Football's World Cup finals take place in Qatar in November and December. Here's a guide to the tournament.
Phil Bennett, the legendary Wales and British and Irish Lions fly-half who elevated rugby union to an art form, dies at the age of 73.
Mark Murray suffered repeated sexual abuse as a child while at a Catholic priest training school.
Scintillating centuries from Joe Root and Ollie Pope keep England in the second Test with New Zealand on a riotous third day at Trent Bridge.
Rory McIlroy claims his first win of the year as he retains his Canadian Open title with a two-stroke victory from Tony Finau.
Liverpool are near to signing Uruguay striker Darwin Nunez from Benfica for a deal which is expected to be worth an initial £64m.
Andy Murray says he does not know the extent of his abdominal injury but hopes the setback does not derail his grass-court season.
American Devon Allen produced the third quickest 110m hurdles time in history at the New York Grand Prix on Sunday.
Coach Mauricio Pochettino is to leave Paris St-Germain following talks with the club at the end of last week.
The UK government's first flight taking asylum seekers to Rwanda will now go ahead tomorrow evening.
The UK publishes plans to ditch parts of Northern Ireland Protocol but the EU says the move would break international law.
Severodonetsk is now effectively cut off from the rest of the country, the local governor says.
The fabric of Lysychansk is being destroyed by intense Russian bombardment, writes Orla Guerin.
He says the investigation is meant to distract from the "disaster" of Democratic-led governance.
Scotland's first minister says she still plans to hold a referendum by the end of next year.
He is due to appear in court on Thursday charged with four counts of sexual assault, police say.
Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle signs a pledge to actively support staff going through the menopause.
Sir Tony Blair, the Duchess of Cornwall and Baroness Amos are installed in the Order of the Garter.
Scientists are planning to sequence the genomes of all species, including plants, animals, fungi, found in Britain and Ireland.
The singer thanks fans for their patience as The Rolling Stones cancel a show in Amsterdam.
The shopping giant hopes to deliver parcels to shoppers by air for the first time later in 2022.
The papers cover reaction to the deportation of asylum seekers and the row over Brexit goods checks.
Ros Atkins looks at the government’s controversial plan to fly some illegal arrivals to Rwanda.
South African charity Book Dash is creating children's books in super-fast time.
The upgraded set is revealed to viewers during Monday's BBC News at Ten.
Justin Bieber recently revealed he's been diagnosed with the condition, which is linked to shingles.
One of the firm's software engineers believes chats with an AI system suggest it has feelings.
The previous name for the mountain honoured a US explorer who massacred native people in the region.
George, eight, spent the day chasing ghosts around Leeds Central Library.
Single mum Jyndi, 25, from Northamptonshire tells the BBC that she sometimes has to miss meals to be able to feed her child.
Martin Hibbert was paralysed from the waist down during a bomb attack at Manchester Arena in 2017.
Vet Sally Frith says the dog is recovering well after an operation to remove the coins.
The end of the Falklands War saw a gradual change in how we treat post-traumatic stress disorder.
BBC Panorama reporter Jacqui Wakefield worked as a receptionist at an Operose Health GP practice.
Colourful gadgets and fruity flavours are popular, but what is really known about their health effects?
The Northern Ireland Protocol is at the centre of a dispute between the UK and the EU.
Stand-up comic Chris McGlade on turning his father's 2011 murder into a comedy show.
A surge in government spending drove US inflation to the highest of advanced economies last year.
Airless tyres that do not puncture are getting close to market but some remain sceptical about them.
All bridges to a key city are destroyed and one woman tells of her escape to England.
The government wants to send some asylum seekers to Rwanda in a bid to reduce Channel crossings
England's second Test against New Zealand is set for a "classic" finish, according to Michael Vaughan.
Five-time champion Andy Murray withdraws from Queen's because of an abdominal strain he picked up in the Stuttgart final on Sunday.
Watch the moment Australia reached the 2022 World Cup, as substitute goalkeeper Andrew Redmayne saves Alex Valera's final spot-kick in the shootout.
Fati and her Afghanistan team-mates had to "fight to survive" as they escaped from the Taliban. Now they face an uncertain future.
Manchester City push to sign Phillips, Manchester United chase Barcelona's De Jong, Tottenham interested in Everton's Richarlison, plus more.
Phil Mickelson expresses "sympathy" for the families who lost loved ones in the 9/11 terror attacks as he faces another uncomfortable news conference after joining the Saudi-funded LIV Golf tour.
The government says firms, not leaseholders, must pay to remove unsafe cladding from all buildings
Images, maps and graphics explaining how the devastating fire at Grenfell Tower may have started and how it spread.
Kids on the Green was originally set up for young people as an emergency response to the 2017 disaster.
A public inquiry has questioned employees of the metals firm that supplied cladding for Grenfell.
Priti Patel says preparation for the next flight "begins now" after the last-minute grounding.
The government seems determined to press ahead with its plans despite last-minute legal interventions.
More than eight million UK homes will get the first of two cost-of-living payments totalling £650.
A report indicates that lots of houses in England could be lost to flooding in the coming decades.
Ministers says airlines must ensure summer schedules are deliverable to prevent more travel disruption.
Out-of-pocket shoppers will have to rely on their credit card or payment provider to reclaim money.
Hundreds of pharmacists in England are being given powers to send patients for cancer scans and tests.
Almost four in 10 say they often or sometimes avoid the news, new research suggests.
Reducing consumption by one to two cups every day would help the economy, a senior minister says.
It will see 456 contestants compete in a series of challenges inspired by the dystopian drama.
The warning means high temperatures could affect public health, as hot air moves in from Spain and Portugal.
A study finds the English bulldog has double the health risks of other dogs.
The front pages focus on the dramatic last-minute halting of the government's deportation flight.
Muslim converts from across the UK travelled to pay their respects at a burial site in Wester Ross.
Liz Jackson MBE started her career as an entrepreneur, creating her own marketing company, aged 25.
Across the UK, volunteer harvesters are helping to fight food waste by sending produce to food banks.
The K-pop group tell fans their goal is to grow as individuals and pursue solo projects.
The Guardian said the film was "a treat", but the Telegraph gave it one star and called it "half-baked".
Officials made the rare decision to close the national park to visitors while they assess damage to roads.
The famous proposal has been repainted at Sheffield's Park Hill flats after being removed in 2021.
The 76m (250ft) Jumbo Floating Restaurant has appeared in both Cantonese and Hollywood films.
Is there a majority in favour of changes to Northern Ireland's Brexit deal?
Ryanair stirred emotions over South African passport holders pass a test in the language.
The value of Bitcoin is at an 18-month low, as the cryptocurrency market continues to tumble.
Nicola Sturgeon wants to hold a second referendum next year, so is another vote now inevitable?
England end the night in the history books for the wrong reasons as Gareth Southgate's Nations League experiment fails against Hungary.
Fishing communities living along India's western coast say their once abundant catch is declining fast.
Soldier Sara Halford was born in the Falkland Islands three months before the 1982 war began.
Colourful gadgets and fruity flavours are popular, but what's really known about their health effects?
Captain Ben Stokes says England's remarkable victory over New Zealand is his greatest win as an England player.
Jonny Bairstow's astonishing century leads England to a stunning win in the second Test against New Zealand to seal a series victory.
Liverpool complete the signing of Uruguay striker Darwin Nunez from Portuguese side Benfica on a six-year-deal for an initial £64m.
Scotland head coach Steve Clarke admitted two wins against Armenia does not make up for bruising defeats by Ukraine and Ireland. So how are his side placed after this international window?
The Netherlands finish their international window with a dramatic, late 3-2 win over Wales in Rotterdam.
Serena Williams will make her return to Grand Slam tennis at Wimbledon after being given a singles wildcard.
Hungary stun England at Molineux to record their second win over Gareth Southgate's side in 10 days in the Nations League.
Traumatised families from Mariupol reveal dire living conditions under Russian occupation.
Four months after Russia invaded Ukraine, the economy still works but it lacks some of its parts.
Several UK journalists, including some from the BBC, have been barred from entering Russia.
A video of an elderly woman brandishing a Soviet flag went viral - but what really happened?
The UN says more than 13 million people have fled their homes since the Russian invasion.
UN chief Antonio Guterres warns that the rush to find new sources of coal, oil and gas is a major mistake.
A report warns of potential loopholes in efforts to limit use of Russian oil and gas.
The resignation comes amid controversy over whether the PM broke the ministerial code.
As the health safety watchdog warns on ambulance delays, the BBC investigates the case of 94-year-old Ken Shadbolt.
Brazilian police say a suspect led investigators to a site where human remains were dug up.
Food and water are running out for the women and children still there, a UN official tells the BBC.
The Renters Reform Bill will also end blanket bans on benefit claimants or families with children.
A pilot will be held in three courts, but one victim says women "have no faith" in the system.
Only a fifth of train services are due to run during next week's strike action.
Russian giant Gazprom says it will cut the amount of gas it sends to Germany by more than half.
The US central bank raises rates by 0.75 percentage points as it scrambles to contain soaring prices.
As key talks end, rich and poor countries are at loggerheads on the divisive issue of loss and damage.
There will be a spike in food prices this summer, the Institute of Grocery Distribution predicts.
Congressional investigators release video of a Republican with a man who later threatened Democrats.
The motorist says the prosecution for failing to allow enough room has cost him about £4,500.
The papers cover pressure on Boris Johnson after Lord Geidt resigns and reaction to the halted Rwanda flight.
Nearly 140 graves, a skeleton with a spear point embedded in it, jewellery and weapons are among the finds.
Roller skating isn’t necessarily an activity a lot of wheelchair users might expect to take part in, but Wheels and Wheelchairs is helping to change that.
As a Google engineer says his firm's top chatbot has feelings, just how lifelike is the technology?
Historic England says the interiors help "tell the fascinating story of pubs over the centuries".
Converts to the religion gathered to pay their respects at a remote burial site in Wester Ross.
The frog travelled from the island of Hispaniola to south London in a bunch of bananas.
Attack ads, voter apathy and the red wall - Iain Watson hits the by-election campaign trail in Yorkshire.
Falling incomes and soaring prices under the Taliban have left many struggling to feed themselves.
The timing surprised No 10, but Lord's Geidt's discomfort has been evident for a while, writes out political editor.
The cryptocurrency crash is hurting many investors, including one country that has bet big on Bitcoin.
Railway workers have voted to go on strike over pay and jobs.
Slimmed down to a trio, the rock band discuss their "messy" early days, and why they love Ukraine.
All eyes are on Mississippi as the US awaits a Supreme Court decision involving its last abortion clinic.
Why are UK pump prices at record highs, and when might they fall?
The doctors' union warns institutional racism harms medics' mental health and therefore patient care.
Former England captain Steph Houghton has not been included in the 23-player squad for the women's Euros.
The 2022-23 Premier League fixtures will be released at 09:00 BST on Thursday - find out how to follow your favourite team on BBC Sport.
The England and Wales Cricket Board charges "a number of individuals" with bringing cricket into disrepute in relation to allegations of racism at Yorkshire.
Formula 1 has struck a new contract to race at the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne until 2035.
Britain's Katie Boulter backs up the biggest win of her career by beating Caroline Garcia to reach the Birmingham Classic quarter-finals.
England forward Ella Toone dishes the dirt on her team-mates before the women's Euros this summer.
Fly-halves were the highest paid players in last season's Premiership, with hookers paid lowest on average, a report shows.
The European heatwave is bringing hot weather to parts of the UK. Helen Willetts explains how high the temperatures might get and how long it could last.
What impact do high temperatures have on our bodies?
Do you know your UVA from your UVB?
A simple guide on how to get a good night's sleep in the heat.
Matt Taylor explains exactly what defines a heatwave in the UK.
From an attic room in Germany, the West coordinates the supply of arms to Ukraine - but is it enough?
A video of an elderly woman brandishing a Soviet flag went viral, but what really happened?
Viktoria and her surviving child have been waiting for nearly 50 days to get a UK visa.
Russia's foreign minister tells the BBC that the West is pressing UN officials to amplify fake news.
More than eight in 10 people say they are worried about the cost-of-living, a BBC survey suggests.
The claim that Mr Pence could overturn the election directly contributed to violence, lawmakers say.
A high of 29.5C (85.1F) is recorded in west London as people flock to enjoy the warm weather outdoors.
The errors, mostly worth a few pence a week, are thought to have been discovered in the 1990s.
Nepal is preparing to move its Everest base camp as the glacier it stands on becomes less stable.
The aim of the role for England is to help tackle decades of health inequalities.
But the man, who was taken off Tuesday's deportation flight, says he would not have known about the policy.
Ukraine belongs to the European family, the leaders of Germany, France, Italy and Romania say in Kyiv.
Last winter's Omicron variant was less likely to cause lingering symptoms, researchers say.
Church of England research reveals its £10bn investment fund has 18th Century links to the slave trade.
People cannot easily find out how dirty the air is where they live, the National Audit Office says.
Rory McIlroy makes a strong start to the US Open to sit one shot behind first-round leader Adam Hadwin.
The front pages focus on a forecast of sharp price rises as the cost of living crisis continues.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The growing need for aesthetically pleasing spaces is causing people to give their homes a makeover.
Nato footage shows extremely close encounters with Russian military aircraft in the skies of Europe.
Football shirt-collecting is booming. Why do some people seem to love the tops as much as the game?
Racegoers in their fabulous finery for Ladies' Day, on the third day of Royal Ascot.
A "calculated risk" was made to let Kim Kardashian wear the iconic gown to the Met Gala, museum says.
Russia's foreign minister has been speaking to the BBC about the war in Ukraine.
As petrol and diesel prices continue to increase, interest in electric vehicles is rising
Author Andrew Downie pays tribute to Dom Phillips, who is feared dead after going missing in Brazil.
Arthur Hughes is the first disabled actor to play Richard III - who had a bent spine - at the RSC.
The French president could lose his majority in the National Assembly because of a left-green alliance.
Carbon-rich peatlands are under threat from development, posing a risk for future climate change.
A "damning" report detailing mistreatment of gymnasts in Britain shows that "child abuse" of athletes was taking place, says a former gymnast.
Interest rates are one of the main tools used to keep the UK economy growing steadily.
Chloe Kelly marks her return to the international stage with an impressive performance as England begin their final preparations for Euro 2022 with victory over Belgium.
Champions Manchester City travel to West Ham on the opening weekend of the 2022-23 Premier League season.
England captain Eoin Morgan plans to rotate himself this summer to avoid injury problems as he cast further doubt on his playing at the 2023 World Cup.
Keely Hodgkinson leads British one-two in women's 800m and Armand Duplantis clears biggest height of 2022 in the Diamond League meeting in Oslo, Norway
The FIA says it is taking steps on safety grounds to reduce the high-speed bouncing that has affected drivers this season.
Cycling's world governing body toughens its rules on transgender eligibility by doubling the period of time before a rider transitioning from male to female can compete.
Watch some of the best shots as Great Britain's Ryan Peniston beats Francisco Cerundolo to make it into the quarter-finals at Queen's.
Compare the temperature in your area to other locations in the UK and around the world.
Foreign minister says Russia is "unashamed" and an award-winning band reflects on filming in Kyiv.
Brahim Saaudun and two Britons were captured by Russian forces while fighting for Ukraine.
The PM announces training for Ukraine forces after he pulls out of a conference in Doncaster to visit Kyiv.
UK journalist Dom Phillips and indigenous expert Bruno Pereira went missing in the Amazon on 5 June.
The Russian president says the economic restrictions are "more harmful" to those who imposed them.
Treasury minister Simon Clarke warns bosses to be "very careful" in setting wage increases.
Britons go to the beach as they enjoy the heatwave as UK temperatures reach highs of 32.7C.
Running Up That Hill, released in 1985, tops the UK singles chart after featuring in the TV show.
The Labour leader and his deputy attended a gathering in an MP's office during lockdown.
The organisers say the event cannot be held in the war-torn Ukraine - but Kyiv is planning an appeal.
Lord Geidt says he resigned over the government's "openness" to breaking international law.
Passengers post pictures on social media as piles of luggage fill the airport's Terminal 2.
France forced to import electricity as air-conditioners and fans switched on for record heatwave.
Exam boards have apologised for mistakes in this year's A-level and GCSE papers.
Several stories lead Saturday's front pages, but the cost-of-living crisis continues to dominate.
At nearly 80, the former world number one is still campaigning for tennis to be more inclusive.
A Watergate prosecutor on the similarities she sees between that scandal and last year's US Capitol riot.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Deaf people can make 999 calls via a service connecting them to a British Sign Language interpreter.
Glasgow, Manchester, Leeds and Liverpool all express an interest if the UK ends up staging the show.
The national park, celebrating its 150th anniversary, has been closed during its tourist season.
As Prince Charles prepares to meet Commonwealth heads, should he be blamed for his private comments?
In an exclusive interview, Jamaica's foreign minister Kamina Johnson Smith denies being a proxy candidate for the UK government.
Renowned surgeon David Nott is passing his experience on to hard-pressed doctors in war-torn Ukraine.
Leading UK fertility clinics continue to see growth in egg-freezing treatments.
The government's new cost of living tsar says he wants "old friends and colleagues... to help the British people".
A new survey reveals 52% of young Africans are considering emigrating - some of them told the BBC why.
Actress Clara Darcy says she is grateful for having had a rare form of brain cancer.
The UK Home Secretary has approved Julian Assange's extradition to the US. How does the process work?
Collin Morikawa takes a share of the US Open lead with Jon Rahm, Rory McIlroy and Scottie Scheffler in hot pursuit.
Jos Buttler says England will keep chasing the magical target of 500 runs in one-day internationals after a record-breaking victory over the Netherlands.
Ferrari's Charles Leclerc suffers the latest of a series of blows to his title hopes with a grid penalty for excessive engine usage.
Liverpool agree a 41m euro (£35.1m) deal to sell forward Sadio Mane to Bundesliga champions Bayern Munich.
Tottenham complete the signing of midfielder Yves Bissouma from Brighton on a four-year deal.
Emma Raducanu will not play at next week's Eastbourne International, leaving her short on grass-court preparation before Wimbledon.
Watch the best shots of Filip Krajinovic's quarter-final victory over British wildcard entry Ryan Peniston 4-6 6-3 6-3 at Queen's.
Russia's leader says sanctions are "mad and thoughtless", as the war stops Ukraine from hosting Eurovision.
Ukrainian citizens have told the BBC they were punched and electrocuted before being allowed to leave Mariupol.
It comes after energy firms in Germany, Italy and Austria report big falls in Russian gas supply.
Former Russia captain Igor Denisov becomes one of the highest-profile athletes still living in the country to speak out against the war in Ukraine.
But union leaders blame politicians for failing to stop the strikes, which will begin on Tuesday.
Ukraine's president makes a rare trip outside the capital to visit bomb-damaged Mykolaiv and Odesa.
Temperature records have been broken in Spain and France as a heatwave sweeps across Europe.
The athlete says she's going to "explode with excitement" as she gets rid of fear around her sexuality.
The photo of the duke grinning with his children on holiday is released just before his 40th birthday.
The move by employees in Towson, Maryland, is the latest in a string of high-profile union campaigns in the US.
Aiden Aslin was given the sentence after being captured while fighting against Russia in April.
A third suspect has been arrested after the deaths of Dom Phillips and indigenous expert Bruno Pereira.
Kyiv's mayor says Russia's leader is destroying millions of lives in both Ukraine and Russia.
Thousands of workers marched to Parliament to demand better pay, in an event organised by the TUC.
The 75-year-old is already under judicial investigation in France for raping a minor and trafficking.
The US leader took a tumble after a cycle ride in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, but said he was not hurt.
Next week's looming rail strikes of 40,000 workers make several headlines on Sunday's front pages.
Iman Vellani plays Marvel’s first Muslim superhero headliner and says she could relate to the role.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Biologist Lee White explains how creating national parks revived Gabon’s elephant population.
Temperatures soar as scientists warn heatwaves are striking earlier in the year due to climate change.
Staff arranged a call so Lesia Husar could introduce her husband, who is still in Ukraine, to their son.
As the US grapples with a formula crisis, parents are turning to the black market for supplies.
Anatoly Lazarev was at the heart of Russia's space rocket programme before he fled to Hungary.
Rwandan journalists tell the BBC how oppression at home forced them to become refugees.
Five years after the Grenfell disaster that killed 72 people, will criminal charges ever be brought?
Matt Fitzpatrick and Will Zalatoris share the US Open lead after the third round at Brookline Country Club.
England international Lucy Bronze signs for Barcelona on a two-year deal.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen takes pole position in a wet qualifying at the Canadian Grand Prix with Alpine's Fernando Alonso a surprise second.
Freddie Burns' last-minute drop-goal winner against Saracens at Twickenham clinches Leicester Tigers' 11th Premiership title and first for nine years.
Time-trial expert Geraint Thomas is favourite to win the Tour de Suisse on Sunday's final stage.
World governing body Fifa teams up with players' union Fifpro to identify people who target players with abusive social media posts.
Watch as Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce wins the 100m with a world-leading time for 2022 of 10.66 seconds, while GB's Daryll Neita finishes second in 10.99.
More talks between management and unions are expected on Monday - the day before strikes begin.
Less than two months after re-election, the president loses control of the National Assembly.
The parliamentary elections' results confirm the French leader's second term will not be an easy ride.
Fina, swimming's world governing body, votes to stop transgender athletes from competing in women's elite races if they have gone through any part of the process of male puberty.
Gen Sir Patrick Sanders says the Army and allies need to be capable of defeating Russia in battle.
Gustavo Petro, a former rebel fighter, will become Colombia's first left-wing leader.
Ukraine's parliament also voted to ban the import of books from Russia and Belarus.
Three suspects have already been arrested by police in connection with the murders of the two men.
Jens Stoltenberg says the costs of war are high but the price of letting Moscow win is even greater.
The UK government has published plans to get rid of parts of the post-Brexit deal it agreed with the EU.
Makram Ali, 51, died and 11 were injured in the terror attack in 2017.
The spring booster vaccine is available for over 75s and people with underlying health conditions.
The biggest rail strike in 30 years, which starts on Tuesday, leads nearly all the front pages.
The four members used to speak mostly Russian but now say they cannot use the language of their oppressors.
A selection of street pictures in India by some of the country's most acclaimed photographers.
Chrissie Riedhofer has spent most of her life learning to cope with people staring at her.
Saturday night's incredible colours had people reaching for their cameras across the UK.
The BBC has been given access to a new team that has to decide if children are criminals or victims.
There have been different claims made about how much rail workers get paid.
Cot deaths have inspired much awareness work - but what about when an older child dies unexpectedly?
Justin Rowlatt finds out what gorilla conservation can teach us about protecting other species.
All that remains of Congo's murdered leader Patrice Lumumba is being handed to his family in Brussels.
Railway workers have voted to go on strike over pay and jobs.
England's Matt Fitzpatrick claims the US Open title with a one-shot victory at Brookline Country Club.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen holds off a late challenge from Ferrari's Carlos Sainz to win the Canadian Grand Prix.
Jason Roy backs Eoin Morgan to rediscover his one-day form after the England captain was out for a second successive duck against the Netherlands.
England's Hollie Doyle becomes the first female jockey to win a French Classic race with victory on Nashwa in the French Oaks at Chantilly.
Geraint Thomas makes history as the first Briton to win the Tour de Suisse after finishing second on the final stage time trial in Vaduz.
Watch highlights of Matt Fitzpatrick's final round as he shoots a two-under par 68 to win the US Open by one shot at the Brookline Country Club, Boston.
Watch some of the best shots as Matteo Berrettini dazzles beating Filip Krajinovic 7-5 6-4 to claim the Queen's title for a second year in a row.
High pay demands make it "incredibly difficult" to curb inflation, Boris Johnson will say.
Strikes and inflation create major headaches for both the Conservatives and Labour.
France's president will hold talks with the country's main political parties to find a way forward.
Former Manchester United winger Ryan Giggs announces he has resigned as Wales manager.
The Jumbo restaurant capsized in the South China Sea days after it was towed out of the harbour.
A culture of relying on continence pads means dementia patients are denied the basic dignity of care.
It comes after Lord Geidt quit last week, saying the PM forced him into an "impossible and odious" position.
Some staff who tried to expose alleged abuse and wrongdoing say they were penalised or even sacked.
More than 14,000 workers could get a one-off sum after firm holds talks with union.
The aircraft came down in a field near Burton in Lonsdale at about midday on Monday, police say.
Yair Lapid is set to take over as prime minister in the coming days with fresh elections expected.
Unprecedented rainfall and flooding have left behind a trail of death and destruction in Assam.
Russia is stopping grain leaving Ukrainian ports, sparking warnings tens of millions risk famine.
The biggest rail strike in 30 years, which starts on Tuesday, leads nearly all the front pages.
Abortion restrictions could vary widely by state if the Supreme Court overturns Roe v Wade.
The actor has been a Goodwill ambassador for the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) since 2016.
As he turns 40, the duke conveys his focus on issues like homelessness and the environment.
A 300kg stingray found in Cambodia is the biggest freshwater fish on record, scientists say.
Justin Rowlatt finds out what gorilla conservation can teach us about protecting other species.
A driver describes hearing a "dreaded thump" and fearing the worst, but somehow the rabbit survived.
Jamie Cooper planned for days to capture the moment, which lasted for less than a second.
Ms Fairhurst bought her first bear in the 1960s and now has a 1,500 strong collection.
Lynn Fitch says she wants to empower women. Her next step is to repeal Roe v Wade.
Two by-elections on Thursday could provide another blow to Boris Johnson’s authority.
The country now has one of the world's most liberal marijuana regimes. How did that happen?
A bereaved father in Ukraine is separated from his daughter, who is receiving medical treatment abroad.
Engineers are developing mobile, floating nuclear desalination plants to help solve water shortages.
A new museum in Ghana aims to tell the story of Africa using African voices, tools and culture.
What role did social media play in the murder of 13-year-old Olly Stephens?
All that remains of Congo's murdered leader Patrice Lumumba is handed to his family in Brussels.
Reception classes are the first, with every primary age pupil entitled to them by 2024.
Cot deaths have inspired much awareness work - but what about when an older child dies unexpectedly?
The impact of higher interest rates in the US will cascade through the global economy.
As the US grapples with a formula crisis, parents are turning to the black market for supplies.
Critics say India's ruling government is using bulldozers to intimidate the minority Muslim community.
World Athletics president Lord Coe hints the sport could follow swimming in banning transgender women from elite female competitions, insisting "fairness is non-negotiable".
Britons Jodie Burrage and Harriet Dart both come back to win in three sets in their respective first-round matches at Eastbourne, but Heather Watson loses.
England coach Lisa Keightley says the women's game must continue to "evolve" after International Cricket Council chairman Greg Barclay's "disappointing" comments about Test matches.
Italy's Thomas Ceccon smashes the world record to win gold in the men's 100m backstroke at the World Championships in Budapest.
Welsh tennis ace Mimi Xu hopes to become the youngest female player to qualify for the main Wimbledon tournament since 1968.
Arsenal closing in on Raphinha from Leeds, Chelsea join race for Everton's Richarlison, Manchester United could make move for Arsenal target Martinez, plus more.
Railway workers have voted to go on strike over pay and jobs.
Businesses, commuters and pupils sitting exams anticipate disruption from this week's train strikes.
Ros Atkins examines why a dispute between the RMT union and employers has led to strike action.
There have been different claims made about how much rail workers get paid.
The BBC hears from people set to miss holidays and stag dos, as rail strikes are confirmed.
The operator will cancel 90% of its trains during three days of strike action by the RMT this week.
There will be no trains west of Cardiff or north of Merthyr Tydfil when rail workers strike this week.
Travel problems are expected as 200,000 people descend on Pilton amid national rail strikes.
Rail users are braced for days of disruption across England, Scotland and Wales ahead of the biggest rail strike in 30 years.
The RMT will meet rail bosses in an attempt to resolve the dispute over jobs, pay and conditions.
Ministers could ignore the European Court of Human Rights asylum-seekers injunction, under proposals.
Rising food prices are sparking a "massive change in behaviour", the supermarket's chairman says.
Cosby must pay Judy Huth $500,000 (£407,000) in damages after abusing her in 1975, the jury finds.
Billpayers are hit with £94 extra a year after 28 companies collapsed due to energy price hikes.
Lithuania banned the transit of certain goods to Russia's Kaliningrad region over EU sanctions.
It is the first royal visit to the country, which will host a summit of the 54 Commonwealth members.
The monument pays tribute to the Windrush generation's "dreams, ambition, courage and resilience".
Police could have stopped the Uvalde school shooting within three minutes, Texas's safety chief says.
Liverpool supporters accuse the French interior minister of lying about the behaviour of English fans.
The row over delays in releasing the report comes as Baroness Scotland seeks a second term as the body's head.
The election workers describe how the abuse by conspiracy theorists continues to upend their lives.
Joe Lycett says an audience member complained to the police about a joke in a recent show.
The fallout from the biggest rail strikes in decades continues to lead nearly all the front pages.
CEO Secrets: Tej Lalvani, boss of Vitabiotics and former Dragons' Den star, shares his advice.
Jon Pountney's photographs of the Welsh seaside resorts on show in Cardiff.
At least 32 people have been killed following heavy downpours that triggered flooding in the country.
Wes Byrne was upgraded to the posh seats after being mobbed by Ed Sheeran's fans at one of his gigs.
The biggest freshwater fish ever documented, weighing in at 300kg (661lb), is found in the Mekong river in Cambodia.
The country's first launch failed to put a dummy satellite into orbit in October 2021.
More than 6,000 people have gathered at the ancient site to mark the longest day of the year.
Norman Cook is volunteering for an NHS scheme to help those with severe mental health problems.
Researchers were baffled when the tag used for tracking oystercatchers was traced to London.
Both stars have turned to the deep grooves of house music for their new music. Here's why.
Scores of people gathered at the UK's most easterly point to see the sun come up.
A driver describes hearing a "dreaded thump" and fearing the worst - yet the rabbit survived.
Ukraine hopes to become an official candidate for European Union (EU) membership.
Kateryna and her two sons are among 60 families in a camp set up for Ukrainian refugees fleeing war.
Police have made a number of arrests, but how close are they to solving Sidhu Moose Wala's murder?
Newsbeat has been finding out about the individuals involved in the divisive climate action group.
The deputy PM says a British Bill of Rights will keep people safer, but it faces angry opposition.
A Russian journalist raises millions selling his Nobel medal, and a Hollywood actor visits Ukraine.
Abortion restrictions could vary widely by state if the 50-year-old landmark ruling is reversed.
The Hollywood actor visits the war-torn nation in his role as a UN goodwill ambassador.
Lynn Fitch says she wants to empower women. Her next step is to repeal Roe v Wade.
Many thought they would never see Serena Williams play top-level tennis again, but the 40-year-old American dazzled Eastbourne on her return to the WTA Tour.
Italian club Inter Milan agree a deal to sign striker Romelu Lukaku on a season-long loan from Chelsea.
American Brooks Koepka is set to be the latest player to quit the PGA Tour in order to join the Saudi Arabian-backed LIV Golf series.
Will Paul Pogba return to Juventus? What next for Gareth Bale? And where could Christian Eriksen end up?
British heavyweight Anthony Joshua labelled himself the "comeback king" in his first face-to-face with Oleksandr Usyk before their rematch on 20 August.
Liverpool agree to sell Japan international Takumi Minamino to Monaco in an 18m euros (£15.5m) deal.
Watch the best shots as Britain's Katie Boulter records the "biggest win of her career" with a 1-6 6-4 6-4 win over world number seven Karolina Pliskova at Eastbourne.
As services ground to a halt, figures suggest commuters turned to bikes, taxis or decided to work from home.
Railway workers are on strike over pay and conditions.
Railway workers are striking over over cuts to jobs, conditions, pay and pensions.
There have been different claims made about how much rail workers get paid.
The BBC hears from people set to miss holidays and stag dos, as rail strikes take place.
One striking RMT worker says he is costing his family money to fight for what he believes is right.
About 10,000 London Underground staff walk out as part of the biggest national rail strike in 30 years.
A 6.1 magnitude quake kills at least 1,000 people in the south-east, injuring hundreds more.
Thursday's strike is set to have a similar impact as Tuesday's, with just 20% of services running.
The consumer champion applied for a peerage but says he couldn't commit enough time to politics.
It will soon be impossible to pay in shops with the notes, which are being replaced by plastic versions.
Ministers say the plan, which needs Parliament's approval, would limit the impact of future strikes.
After six years of marriage, the media tycoon and model will divorce, US media reports.
A judge orders a culpable homicide trial for eight people, including the footballer's family doctor.
An EU summit will give the green light but Kyiv admits "real integration" will start after the war.
The government faces a huge decision over what to do in Cumbria, amid employment and climate concerns.
Pete Arredondo has been blamed for the botched response to the attack which saw 19 children killed.
For its 200th anniversary, masterpieces by Constable and Monet will be exhibited across the UK.
The trial will allow some users to share "notes" beyond the normal 280-character limit for tweets.
The papers lead with the discovery of polio in the UK and the chancellor defending pension rises.
Photographer Stanislav Senyk organised a photo shoot of students in the bombed city of Chernihiv.
The 0.3mm long organisms live deep in the pores of our faces but may be about to go extinct.
It is illegal to ride dirt bikes and ATVs (all-terrain vehicles) on the US city's streets.
Meta says it has removed accounts and groups showing upskirting, after a BBC investigation.
Police in Northern Ireland received a complaint about a joke the stand-up made at a show this month.
David Flucker, who recently celebrated his 100th birthday, volunteers in an Edinburgh charity shop.
CEO Secrets: Tej Lalvani, boss of Vitabiotics and former Dragons' Den star, shares his advice.
As the UK presses on with its asylum deal, refugees sent from Israel to Rwanda describe their experiences.
Witnesses describe desperate scenes after a powerful earthquake hits Afghanistan.
Inhabitants of the war-torn city take their last chance to flee their homes as the Russians close in.
More than 1,300 claims have been made but only about 20 sent for medical assessment.
After two years of cancellations, music fans could experience a mixture of relief and anxiety.
Andrea's pregnancy is no longer viable but doctors cannot intervene unless she goes into labour or develops sepsis.
Actress Emilia Clarke explains why she is petrified ahead of her West End stage debut.
Two Australia farmers are aiming rival Mexican tequila and mezcal with a similar delicious spirit.
Sanctions leave Russia's exclave on the EU's borders struggling to trade.
Four years after Ross Mackay set up his company in Glasgow, he is working with Kourtney Kardashian.
Kateryna and her two sons are among 60 families in a camp set up for Ukrainian refugees fleeing war.
Romelu Lukaku was supposed to elevate Chelsea to title contenders, but returns to Inter Milan just 10 months after his £97.5m arrival - so what went wrong for the striker at the Blues?
The deputy PM says a British Bill of Rights will keep people safer, but it faces angry opposition.
Rory McIlroy calls players who join LIV Golf "pretty duplicitous" as Brooks Koepka becomes the latest to move to the Saudi Arabian-backed tour.
Jason Roy hammers 101 off 86 balls and Jos Buttler blasts 86 off 64 to help England clinch a comfortable eight-wicket victory over the Netherlands.
Serena Williams' comeback continues as she and Ons Jabeur reach the Eastbourne doubles semi-finals.
Watch highlights of England's 4-0 win against Serbia at the European Under-19 Championship in Slovakia.
Former Yorkshire chairman Roger Hutton criticises the England and Wales Cricket Board's "deeply disappointing" handling of the club's racism scandal.
Cardiff City have held talks with Gareth Bale's representatives as they step up their efforts to sign the out-of-contract Wales captain.
Watch the best bits as Serena Williams reaches the semi-final of the women's doubles at Eastbourne, on her return to tennis, alongside playing partner Ons Jabeur.
Railway workers are on strike over pay and conditions.
As services ground to a halt, figures suggest commuters turned to bikes, taxis or decided to work from home.
Worthy Farm will welcome more than 200,000 festival-goers, but some have had to change their plans.
Despite the rise in working from home in the pandemic, nearly half of workers in Britain commute each day.
The Capitol riot panel hears of an explosive Oval Office showdown with Trump and justice department lawyers.
The major decision by the highest court is expected to allow more people to carry guns legally.
The men were killed in Brazil's Amazon earlier this month while returning from an expedition.
The post-pandemic shift to working from home means disruption caused by the strikes has been more limited.
President Zelensky calls it a "unique and historical moment... Ukraine's future is within the EU".
In April the streaming giant reported its first subscriber loss in more than a decade.
The once near-extinct birds of prey are being flown abroad to help rescue dwindling Spanish populations.
Secunder Kermani reports from Paktika, Afghanistan, where one survivor says he lost 20 relatives.
Travellers are facing another day of disruption on the second day of strikes, as half the network closes.
Cathedral City manufacturer Dairy Crest has admitted polluting the local area over five years.
The men all receive four year sentences after the mural was stolen from a door at the concert hall.
The papers lead with airport staff voting to strike and the PM meeting Prince Charles in Rwanda.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Former paratrooper, John Bream, jumped from 85 ft (26m) in order to claim the title.
Adam Gabsi had to be carried up six floors to his flat after the lifts in his tower block broke down.
The female python was nearly 18ft long (5m) - and was pregnant with an astonishing 122 eggs.
The conjunction will last until Monday and won't be seen again until 2040.
Artistic swimmer Anita Alvarez was rescued from the bottom of the pool at the world championships.
Tickets to see the former Beatle at the Cheese and Grain in Frome on Friday sold out within minutes.
The artist says he wanted to portray the couple as elegant and relaxed in the painting, now on public display.
An American couple's luggage - including the bride's dress - disappeared en-route to Scotland.
Watch the moment New Zealand's Henry Nicholls is bizarrely dismissed after his shot deflects off team-mate Daryl Mitchell's bat and into the hands of Alex Lees on the first day of the third Test at Headingley.
When a suspected thief ran past a council meeting, a police inspector set off in hot pursuit.
'Vincent Chin would be alive today if he were not Asian'.
The listings magazine was first launched as a newsletter by Tony Elliott on the King's Road in 1968.
The England star and BBC Radio 1 broadcaster shared their news on Instagram.
The 44-year-old is due to be sentenced on Friday, after admitting breaching a restraining order.
Aviation workers across Europe have voted to strike this summer, which could cause more disruption.
Two prominent cases of abuse have ignited a debate about misogyny among the country's young women.
A record number of Nicaraguans are heading to the US as conditions worsen at home.
What is polio and how can you protect yourself from it?
As neighbour Germany takes a step closer to gas rationing a Polish seaside resort prepares to help.
A worker at the only health clinic in Gyan in Paktika province, tells the BBC how they were overwhelmed.
A Russian soldier is tried in his absence for rape and Ukraine moves closer to EU membership.
Did music really change lives on one of Scotland's most deprived estates?
After a tough couple of years, England spinner Jack Leach enjoyed some long overdue fortune on the opening day of the third Test.
Belgium capitalise on Jackie Burns' red card with 21 minutes to play as Northern Ireland lose their sole Euro 2022 warm-up 4-1 in Lier.
Bernabe Zapata Miralles celebrates wining a set point by kissing the camera in his Wimbledon qualifier against Salvatore Caruso.
Newcastle United sign England goalkeeper Nick Pope from relegated Burnley for an undisclosed fee.
Britain's Jack Draper reaches his first ATP Tour semi-final with victory over compatriot Ryan Peniston at Eastbourne.
The BBC is launching its first Green Sport Awards - to celebrate individuals and organisations contributing to a more sustainable future.
Super League leaders St Helens move six points clear after overcoming spirited Leeds Rhinos at the Totally Wicked Stadium.
BBC Yorkshire's political editor looks at the background to the district's upcoming ballot.
Deep in once-safe Conservative territory, the main parties are fighting a by-election in very different ways.
BBC News has been to speak to people in Tiverton and Honiton ahead of a by-election on Thursday.
After the Supreme Court removed the constitutional right to abortion, some states have outlawed it.
People are advised to only travel by train if necessary, with just a fifth of services running.
Two Conservative MPs say they are seeking election to the body which oversees leadership contests.
Near the epicentre of the quake that struck Afghanistan this week, houses lie in ruins.
The 20-year-old calls the decision to end the constitutional right to abortion a "dark day".
The government is calling a review of the plans which include a smaller shop, offices and a gym.
The reptile's 2,000-year-old remains are discovered by archaeologists buried in volcanic ash and rock.
The landmark bipartisan bill now heads to President Joe Biden's desk to be signed into law.
The 71-year-old broadcaster's wife pays tribute to her husband, saying "he will forever be with us".
The increase, with an estimated one in 35 people testing positive, is being driven by newer variants.
A huge crowd of migrants tries to cross into Melilla in North Africa, with many killed and injured.
Severodonetsk is the current focus of Russia as it tries to take control of eastern Ukraine.
The Radio 1 presenter receives "role model" award for opening up the conversation around bowel cancer.
The papers lead with Boris Johnson being urged to quit and Roe v Wade being overturned in the US.
The BBC’s Analysis Editor Ros Atkins examines why Russia is making threats after the EU sanctioned a Russian region cut off from the rest of the country.
The UK's largest ceramic sculpture has been unveiled in Cornwall - but not everyone is convinced.
Sharon Juhl is not your ordinary clown, he is a medical clown bringing smiles to hospitalised children.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK.
The Tories and PM Boris Johnson are dealt a major blow as the Lib Dems and Labour win two seats.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Risky escape routes have opened up for Ukrainians - including driving through Russia to Georgia.
What do these cases really tell us about the virus, which hasn't spread in the UK for decades?
The warnings for Israeli tourists join assassinations and sabotage as the foes aim at each other.
Patrick Mevel says he has lifted more than 20,000 tonnes of onions over the past 43 years.
Residents of Newcastleton in the Borders used to face a lengthy round-trip to get their fuel.
Inside coaching centres where desperate young people study to get a job in the armed forces.
Diana Mwazi is one of many young Kenyans who see elections as a way to make money, not bring change.
A stunning win at Lord's. An epic chase at Trent Bridge. Now another memorably bold display by Jonny Bairstow and England at Headingley.
Scotland all but sealed a place in the Women's World Cup play-offs as a thumping first-half performance was too much for Ukraine in Poland.
England are forced to come from behind for the first time under manager Sarina Wiegman in an impressive victory over European champions the Netherlands.
New Zealand's Tom Blundell is unhappy as he is given out lbw, but with DRS unavailable is unable to review the decision on day two of the third Test at Headingley.
Watch as Jonny Bairstow hits his second century of the series to help England recover from 55-6 on the second day of the third Test at Headingley.
Derby County boss Wayne Rooney is to leave the relegated League One club with immediate effect.
Clinics across the country shut down after Roe v Wade was overturned by the Supreme Court.
The divide in America has become even deeper after this Supreme Court ruling, writes Sarah Smith.
Women across the US have sharply different reactions to the decision to overturn Roe v Wade.
The US Supreme Court has overturned the landmark case which legalised abortion in 1973.
Abortion restrictions will vary by state now the 50-year-old landmark ruling has been reversed.
Anti-abortion protesters cheer after finding out the Supreme Court has struck down abortion rights.
Overturning Roe v Wade shows the Supreme Court is out of touch with most Americans, Biden says.
State Attorney General Eric Schmitt says Missouri has effectively ended abortion.
The PM says he will lead his party into the next election and beyond, despite criticism of his leadership.
The mayor of the eastern city says Russian troops are in control after Ukrainian forces withdrew.
Boris Johnson will urge G7 and Nato allies to continue backing Kyiv as the war with Russia drags on.
The Russian war against Ukraine will inevitably dominate the summit of G7 nations in Bavaria.
Witnesses hid in a gay bar's basement as a gunman fired on a crowd, killing two and injuring 21.
It is the star's first public appearance since the death of Foo Fighters' drummer Taylor Hawkins.
The Iskander-M systems can carry both conventional and nuclear warheads, with a range of up to 500 km.
Judges will be able to give life sentences to dangerous drivers who kill, in a toughening of the law.
A huge crowd of migrants storm a fence into Melilla in North Africa, with 23 killed and many injured.
The country is close to its first default since 1998 as sanctions block payments to creditors
Wales captain Gareth Bale agrees to join MLS side Los Angeles FC on a free transfer.
The crew, who are taking part in a rowing challenge around GB, are rescued off the Antrim coast.
The star discusses for the first time how his dad had another son, who he didn't know about for years.
The papers lead with strike action warnings and Tory MPs slam Boris Johnson's "delusional" behaviour.
People who counted plastic waste for a week want to go plastic-free, but say it costs too much.
The BBC speaks to some of the thousands of foreign soldiers who have joined the fight against Russia.
Saul and George are both 12 and their lives have been affected in some way by a rare disease.
A video uploaded to social media shows police shooting tear gas into crowds of protesters.
Thousands of people are attending the event which has returned for the first time in three years.
The verdict of voters can't be ignored and there are challenges ahead for the UK's big political parties.
Original Ife bronze heads, of which only some 20 survive, are thought to be about 700 years old.
Mother of 12, Zoe Sullivan, explains how she cuts costs as her family's energy and fuel bills double.
Caring for victims is a challenge in a country already in the grip of a humanitarian crisis.
Our correspondents in Italy, El Salvador, India, Ireland and Canada explain the impact in countries across the globe.
As the UK presses on with its asylum deal, refugees sent from Israel to Rwanda describe their experiences.
Four wickets in the final session help England surge into the ascendancy on day three of the third Test against New Zealand at Headingley.
Watch highlights as England take four wickets for 36 runs in the final session before rain ends play early on the third day of the third Test at Headingley.
Britain's Emma Raducanu says she will play at Wimbledon after a week of uncertainty caused by a side injury.
Manchester United expect Cristiano Ronaldo to be part of their squad next season despite reports linking him with Chelsea.
Jeremiah Azu and Daryll Neita take gold in the men's and women's 100m finals on day two at the UK Athletics Championships in Manchester.
Great Britain's Georgia Taylor-Brown and Alex Yee secure a British double with gold in the World Triathlon Championship Series in Montreal.
Great Britain's men win relay bronze while 15-year-old Canadian Summer McIntosh takes her second gold on the final day of the World Aquatics Championships.
Hundreds of patients who have waited two years or more have already said they are willing to travel.
The strike will take place over four weeks and also see barristers refuse to take on new cases.
Boris Johnson says the higher food and energy costs from the conflict are the price of freedom.
One home is destroyed and at least three others are badly damaged in a gas explosion in Birmingham.
The Pulitzer Prize-winning rapper closes his headline set at the festival with a powerful statement.
The country fails to make $100m interest payment as a result of Western sanctions.
The UK government wants to change the NI Protocol but the EU says this would break international law.
The meeting will explore legislation to create buffer zones around clinics and prevent intimidation.
The economic gaps between different parts of the UK are "significant", the Resolution Foundation says.
The government says the move would protect British producers at a time of rising energy costs.
Scores of people are injured and four have died after a wooden stand fell, local officials say.
It is Nasa's first launch from a commercial site outside the US - and a landmark moment for Australia.
Neil Parish says he was verbally abused and sent death threats after being seen watching porn at work.
Many of the papers lead on the summit of rich nations as leaders urge continued support for Ukraine.
Thousands of people are attending the event which has returned for the first time in three years.
A BBC undercover investigation has exposed a human trafficking network smuggling disabled children from Tanzania to Kenya.
Cait wants to help others who who have dwarfism and struggle to shop on the high street.
Olga Malchevska was live on air when she saw images of her childhood home in the aftermath of a Russian attack.
A Dallas church linked to Jane Roe will keep helping women get abortions despite Supreme Court ruling.
A Red Cross call centre is reuniting Ukrainian and Russian prisoners of war with their loved ones.
Soaring petrol prices could speed up the transition to electric much faster than expected.
Russian troops must still cross the Siversky Donets river to capture all of the Luhansk region.
Britain's Emma Raducanu and Andy Murray are set for Centre Court when Wimbledon gets under way on Monday.
From the Olympics to mass protests, the 25 years since handover have seen highs and lows.
At least 1,000 people have died in Afghanistan's worst earthquake in two decades
Spinner Jack Leach says it is "very special" to be part of England's thrilling new Test era under Ben Stokes and Brendon McCullum.
England batter Joe Root produces a moment of "extraordinary brilliance" as he reverse scoops Neil Wagner six on day four of the third Test at Headingley.
Watch the moment Sam Billings takes a bizarre catch to remove New Zealand's Neil Wagner on day four of the third Test at Headingley.
Tunisia's world number two Ons Jabeur, in her new BBC Sport column at Wimbledon, discusses the "unbelievable" experience of playing doubles with Serena Williams.
Leroy Cudjoe claims a hat-trick as Huddersfield come from behind to thrash Hull KR for their sixth straight win
Former England centre Luther Burrell says he wants to "empower younger generations" after detailing his experiences of racism in rugby union
Local property developer David Clowes has his bid to buy Derby County accepted and hopes to complete the purchase on Wednesday.
The victims, believed to be migrants, were discovered in a remote area on the outskirts of San Antonio.
Some 1,000 civilians were inside the building at the time of the strike, Ukraine's president said.
Zara Aleena died following what police say was an "opportunist stranger attack" in east London.
Powers for ministers to scrap parts of the deal on Northern Ireland clear their first Commons hurdle.
"Sarah" says she felt unable to speak in a rape support group after a trans woman began attending.
Thousands gathered to remember the victims of a deadly attack in Oslo which targeted an LGBT venue.
She will say a "lawful" vote can be held in October 2023, with or without UK government consent.
More than 250 people were onboard the Los Angeles-Chicago train when it hit a dump truck.
Ben Wallace says the UK military needs more money to counter the threat posed by Russia.
Britain's Andy Murray maintains his record of never losing in the first round at Wimbledon with an encouraging win against Australia's James Duckworth.
Two members of the Rochdale grooming gang are appealing against their deportation to Pakistan.
Alex Adenaike said her daughter was waiting to see if she needed a skin graft.
A Russian missile strike on a Ukrainian mall and the prospect of a doctors' strike lead the front pages.
China promised to protect democratic freedoms for 50 years but new laws have effectively silenced all criticism.
Exam season is coming to an end this week for many students and millions of papers will be examined.
Emily Hale had to have spinal fusion surgery for her scoliosis, now she's helping others.
We look back over the career and life of BBC Look North's Harry Gration
Watch US Open champion Emma Radacanu's best moments as she beats Belgium's Alison van Uytvanck in her first appearance on Centre Court at Wimbledon.
Designers at Moscow Fashion Week wonder how they can stay in business without access to imported materials.
Inflatable sausages, ear-splitting screams and surprise stars. All the moments you may have missed.
The Radio 1 DJ wrote on Instagram to share the news, eight months after starting treatment.
There are a number of concerns around data protection following the US Supreme Court's ruling on abortion.
Elsy was sentenced to 30 years for aggravated homicide after losing her baby in a miscarriage in El Salvador.
The Northern Ireland Protocol is at the centre of a dispute between the UK and the EU.
Khudeza survived the worst floods in north-east Bangladesh for a century but millions are homeless.
Teachers urgently want parents to understand the tech which could help to keep kids safer online.
A missile attack kills at least 11 in the city of Kremenchuk, and Russia is accused of stealing grain.
The G7 and Nato summits are focused on Ukraine - and the PM is seeking to emphasise the UK's commitment.
Chelsea contact Manchester City about a deal for England forward Raheem Sterling.
Britain's Emma Raducanu makes a winning start to her first Wimbledon as a Grand Slam champion with victory over Alison van Uytvanck.
England captain Ben Stokes says a county player's method rather than average "will be on the selectors' minds" when picking future Test squads.
Watch highlights as England romp to victory on the final day of the third Test against New Zealand at Headingley to seal a stunning 3-0 series win.
Watch Britain's Andy Murray's best moments from his victory over Australia's James Duckworth 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 in the first round of Wimbledon.
Newcastle Falcons launch an internal investigation to determine if any of the racism that former player Luther Burrell experienced in rugby union happened while at the club.
England are defied by a splendid 150 from South Africa's Marizanne Kapp on day one of the one-off Test at Taunton.
The 40-year-old host of You, Me and the Big C was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016.
Enraged president tried to grab the steering wheel to direct his limousine to the Capitol, ex-aide says.
Ghislaine Maxwell told victims she had helped Jeffrey Epstein sexually abuse she was sorry for their pain.
Traditional tourist areas of England have seen local people hit by soaring property prices.
Former England captain Michael Vaughan says he is stepping back from his work at the BBC.
Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries tells the heads of UK sporting bodies that elite women's sport "must be reserved for people born of female sex".
Ankara had previously opposed to the Nordic countries' bids to join the alliance.
Privately run homes in England made disproportionately high numbers of emergency calls, the BBC finds.
A charity is calling for better support for students, after finding high numbers seeking support.
Prince Charles's charity appeared to be paying GCHQ - but it was funding for spies facing hardship.
By March 2024, the app should offer face-to-face video consultations, the government says.
The disgraced pop star will be sentenced on Wednesday after being found guilty of sex trafficking.
Seven areas of Wales saw falls in population, as the first Census 2021 results are revealed.
The jailing of Ghislaine Maxwell and plans for a new Scottish independence vote lead the papers.
The last homes are being removed as part of what officials say is a plan to beautify the waterfront.
Annie Farmer testified in court against Jeffrey Epstein's associate in December, sharing how manipulative Maxwell was.
A BBC investigation has gathered evidence of the repeated use of cluster munitions in the city of Chernihiv, northern Ukraine.
An aircraft engineer explains how he ditched his 'double-life' at work and created an LGBT+ network.
Nick Kyrgios admits spitting in the direction of a "disrespectful" supporter after beating Britain's Paul Jubb in his first-round match at Wimbledon.
Inflammatory bowel disease sufferers say the lack of toilets is the worst thing about living in London.
Russia's government and its supporters online spread a number of false claims after the bombing.
The Coldplay singer surprised people in a pub near Bath on his way home from the Glastonbury Festival.
Protester Steve Bray reacts to police removing his amplifier after his noisy protest outside Parliament.
Friends and colleagues pay tribute to podcast host Dame Deborah James, who has died at the age of 40.
How Dame Deborah's fundraising will help scientists find new ways to outwit cancer.
Epstein victim Annie Farmer says Maxwell's sentence will help bring some sense of justice.
The return of Hong Kong to China in 1997 is still a polarising topic for residents now living in the UK.
Behind the Commonwealth's allure as it welcomes Gabon and Togo into its ranks.
The 2015 Paris attacks left 130 people dead and some of the survivors have formed a unique bond.
The businessman overcame racial barriers to become one of Miami’s foremost nightlife promoters.
Finland and Sweden to join the alliance as footage shows civilians running for their lives.
Nicola Sturgeon wants to hold a second referendum next year, so is another vote now inevitable?
Serena Williams' hopes of a victorious return to Wimbledon after a year out ends with a loss to Harmony Tan.
The DP World and PGA Tours are strengthening their alliance to try to fight off an "existential threat" posed by Saudi-funded LIV Golf series.
England's Alice Davidson-Richards says it was "really, really special" to hit her maiden Test century alongside schoolmate Nat Sciver.
Highlights of Serena Williams' loss to Harmony Tan on Centre Court of Wimbledon in an epic 7-5 1-6 7-6 (10-7) tussle.
Watch the best shots of day two at Wimbledon topped off with Paul Jubb's magnificent drop shot from his match against Nick Kyrgios.
Bruce S. Old was a data pioneer whose early advances remain largely forgotten in today's secretive world of elite tennis analysis.
The retiring Eoin Morgan is the most influential England cricketer of his generation, says BBC Sport's chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
The UK is the second-biggest donor to Ukraine - the new funding takes the military aid to £2.3bn.
According to US intelligence assessments, Russia's invasion is likely to grind on for some time.
Salah Abdeslam and 19 others convicted over the 2015 attacks which killed 130 people across Paris.
An investigation into the handling of claims against the Duchess of Sussex will remain confidential.
A review was ordered after an MP was told she could not bring her new-born son into a debate.
A watchdog has concerns about management and family independence from trademarks.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator attacks UK efforts to change Northern Ireland border rules.
There is a "huge increase" of abuse by drivers angry at the price at the pump, forecourt operators say.
The singer was found to have used his celebrity status to sexually abuse children and women.
The Prince of Wales was thrilled to see all the Sussexes during the Jubilee, a royal source says.
Britain's two-time champion Andy Murray is knocked out of Wimbledon in the second round following defeat in four sets against John Isner.
Researchers say findings are sobering, with shortages in England predicted to top 10,000 by 2030-31.
Ten European consumer organisations join forces to launch complaints to privacy and data regulators
More Nato troops in eastern Europe and a £15m rise in the Royal Family's grant feature in the papers.
Military personnel from Ukraine are being trained in Salisbury Plain by British and New Zealand troops.
Alex Holder, who filmed Trump after the 2020 election, has now been ordered to give evidence.
Two Hongkongers born in 1997, the year the city returned to China, tell us how they view identity.
As resources are depleted on Earth, many scientists suggest the asteroid belt could be mined instead.
The diversity and creativity of African fashion are on show in a retrospective at London's V&A museum.
Campaigners are in tears as the ancient tree is felled after a row over how it was a threat to homes.
The BBC crime drama concluded on Tuesday but has since been recommissioned for a second series.
There's a vitality to the Nato summit, which is borne of necessity in addressing the threat from Russia.
A new tree-map suggests there could be around two million unrecorded ancient trees in England.
Sandwich sellers are seeing customer numbers return, but hybrid working means some remain quiet.
Actor Jamie Campbell Bower on why he feels fortunate to have a key role in the hit Netflix show.
Soaring costs are forcing farmers to cut back on food and milk production.
Is it true that the government is going to break its manifesto pledge on defence spending?
The Philippines strongman is retiring after a career fighting drugs and crime that left thousands dead.
Abby-Leigh Doig studied forensic psychology - but realised that she wanted to become a farmer.
Pupils are skipping school as their families cannot afford expensive outfits and limos, charity warns.
Emma Raducanu's Wimbledon is over after she is outplayed by France's Caroline Garcia in a second-round match that leaves Centre Court deflated.
Debutant Issy Wong takes two late wickets to aid England's push for victory over South Africa on day three of the one-off Test at Taunton.
Ineos Grenadiers are doing things differently. Gone are the days of British dominance at the Tour de France. Now there is a new plan.
American John Isner peppers two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray with a series of unstoppable shots on his way to a 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 6-7 (3-7) 6-4 victory.
Emma Raducanu produces the best shot of day three at Wimbledon with Novak Djokovic and Jeļena Ostapenko also featuring.
Romelu Lukaku returns to Inter Milan on a season-long loan, just a year after leaving for Chelsea.
Andy Zaltzman assesses England's numbers in beating New Zealand and shows why Ben Stokes' men are a completely different outfit to the side India last encountered.
Chris Pincher steps down saying he "drank far too much", as a paper reports he groped two men.
China's leader Xi Jinping is visiting in his first trip outside the mainland since the start of the pandemic.
The landmark ruling curbs federal power to limit greenhouse gas emissions in a setback for President Biden.
Freedom of Information responses suggest the amount of hardship money doubled last year.
The frequency of advertising breaks will be reviewed by Ofcom, which says it will consult viewers.
Culture secretary Nadine Dorries confuses the two rugby codes in a speech at a Rugby League World Cup event in St Helens.
Lewis Hamilton has called for "older voices" with offensive views to be refused a platform on which to make offensive comments.
A judge says the attack on the "defenceless" Logan Mwangi was "nothing short of horrifying".
The bird was racing home to Gateshead but was found by a puzzled resident at his home in Alabama.
An oppressive heatwave has broken temperature records from the Arctic Circle to North Africa.
Ruja Ignatova is accused of defrauding victims out of $4bn (£3.2bn) through a cryptocurrency scam.
Three-year-old Harrison's father had struggled during the first Covid lockdown, the coroner heard.
About 70,000 of the life-saving devices are in UK community locations unknown by the emergency services.
Government whip Chris Pincher's resignation and a possible tax cut make Friday's front pages.
The ripple effects of the Gay Liberation Front's 1972 march are still being felt.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Millions in India’s Assam state are struggling to piece together their lives after devastating floods.
A photo exhibition captures what's different and what's stayed the same in a century of teenage life.
The monarch was joined by the Prince of Wales for a parade in the gardens of the Palace of Holyroodhouse.
In the thick of the Donbas battle, the paras regiment is trapped in a conflict that is costing many lives.
Homes damaged by gas extraction are propped up with wooden beams while residents suffer health issues.
The BBC's Frank Gardner speaks to Nato leaders during the first summit since Russia invaded Ukraine.
The number of professional workers seeking help for addiction is on the increase, charities say.
Since the pandemic more people are choosing to die at home, including campaigner Dame Deborah James.
Conservationists urge action to reverse a "catastrophic" decline in the nation's natural habitats.
Dr Joselyn Sellen says hearing what happened to Logan Mwangi left her "completely traumatised".
Great Britain's Dina Asher-Smith holds on to claim a morale-boosting 200m win in the Diamond League on Thursday.
England put four past Switzerland in Zurich in their final European Championship warm-up.
British wildcard Katie Boulter enthrals Wimbledon's Centre Court with a stunning fightback to beat 2021 runner-up Karolina Pliskova.
England will try to "operate in the same way" in the delayed fifth Test against India despite trailing in the rearranged series, says Ben Stokes.
Watch highlights as Britain's Katie Boulter comes from a set down to beat last year's finalist Karolina Pliskova at Wimbledon in a huge upset.
Watch as Kirsten Flipkens produces the best shot of day four at Wimbledon with Nick Kyrgios and Liam Broady also impressing.
BBC Sport analyses the 21 stages of the Tour de France, with pointers to where the race could be won and lost.
A small but significant victory for Ukraine and Putin criticises G7 leaders' physiques - today's round-up.
Russia claims it is a gesture of goodwill, but the withdrawal from a Black Sea rock is a big defeat.
Russian forces likely targeted the building knowing it was a shelter for civilians, the group says.
Boris Johnson, speaking at a Nato summit in Madrid, said freedom is "always worth paying for".
According to US intelligence assessments, Russia's invasion is likely to grind on for some time.
The government is spending £2.3bn on military support, so how much of a difference is it making?
Ukraine's President Zelensky releases footage of missile strike, which killed at least 18 people.
The suspected driver of the truck where 53 migrants were found dead was hiding in bushes nearby.
The former Tory MP resigned after being accused of groping two men in a private members' club.
The US president warns some US states will attempt to arrest women crossing state lines for access.
The NHS website has had thousands more visits this week after the campaigner's death.
The singer tells the crowd at her first public concert in five years she is "so happy" to be back.
The Royal College of Nursing said the decision shows "how little" the government valued NHS staff.
The messages PC Sukhdev Jeer and PC Paul Hefford sent damaged the Met's reputation, the hearing heard.
Republic of Ireland manager Vera Pauw says she was raped and sexually assaulted by three different men in Dutch football.
Rallies take place in Tobruk, Tripoli and other cities amid anger at the country's political deadlock.
They were taken to safety by helicopter after getting stuck at the bottom of cliffs near Nash Point.
Katie Boulter is taking inspiration from Leicester's 2015/16 Premier League title victory and Emma Raducanu's 2021 US Open win to fuel her Wimbledon run.
Several of Saturday's papers lead with the fallout from the suspension of Tory MP Chris Pincher.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK.
Military equipment is pouring into Ukraine, but President Zelensky says more is needed to stop Russia.
Striking shots of Pride parades from the 70s, 80s and 90s.
Ted, who is blind, hopes people will reconsider parking their vehicles on pavements.
A historical group was instrumental in discovering a crannog made from stone near Lough Neagh.
Couples tie the knot nine months after the country voted for marriage for all.
Grieving Honduran mother in despair over migrant relatives lost in Texas lorry tragedy.
As the FBI adds Ruja Ignatova to its most wanted list, new findings suggest she amassed billions in Bitcoin.
Campaigners call for more protection for women attending clinics in Northern Ireland.
More than 400 survivors and relatives gave evidence in the unprecedented trial that ended this week.
Brazilian communities are combatting soaring food prices and a hunger crisis with urban gardens.
With Euro 2022 just around the corner, ex-England defender Alex Scott looks at the rapid pace of change within the women's game.
Developers are moving away from stereotypes of Arab characters and depicting them more positively.
Ship tracking reveals the route of a grain shipment from Russian-controlled Ukraine.
Almost all of the UK's Covid rules have ended, two years after they were introduced.
Logan Mwangi was killed by his mother and stepfather and a 14-year-old boy and dumped in a river.
England fight back from going behind to defeat Israel after extra time to win the European Under-19 Championship.
After reaching the last 16 of a Grand Slam for the first time, Britain's Cameron Norrie is finally starting to gain more recognition after his Wimbledon exploits.
Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah signs a new three-year contract with the club.
England are not intimidated by India's recovery on the first day of the fifth Test at Edgbaston, says assistant coach Paul Collingwood.
Watch highlights as England beat Israel 3-1 after extra time to win the European Under-19 Championship with goals from Callum Doyle, Carney Chukwuemeka and Aaron Ramsey.
Britain's Heather Watson produces a career-best performance to beat Kaja Juvan 7-6 (8-6) 6-2 to reach the fourth round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The strategic eastern city of Lysychansk is at the centre of competing claims as fighting rages.
The Russian troop ship Saratov sank in a Black Sea port after a Ukrainian missile strike.
Suspended Tory MP Chris Pincher says he hopes to return to constituency duties "as soon as possible".
The Conservatives said in their 2019 election manifesto the facilities would be built by 2030.
Police free 77 people from confinement in a church in south-western Nigeria.
Nick Kyrgios fights back to stun Greek fourth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas in a heated four-set encounter and reach the fourth round at Wimbledon.
Over two dozen crew are still missing after an engineering vessel split in two in the South China Sea.
Martin Guzmán's departure leaves a big question mark over Argentina's future economic policy.
The drones are launched from Lebanon, amid border tensions between the nations.
The officers are killed along with a police dog as they try to serve a warrant for domestic violence.
Paige Slocombe suffers from a rare form of epilepsy called Dravet syndrome.
The singer says it took her months to recover from the reaction to her pulling her residency.
Cristiano Ronaldo wants Manchester United to let him leave the club if they receive an appropriate offer for him this summer.
Boris Johnson has been accused of failing to act on Chris Pincher allegations sooner, papers report.
The BBC spent time with staff before they had to stop work and turn patients away.
Russia and Ukraine have different claims of how many people have died in the conflict. The BBC explores the data.
More than a million people packed London for Pride's 50th anniversary, the mayor's office says.
About 11 million tonnes of plastic waste flows into the ocean each year, the UN says.
Katie Abey from Derbyshire illustrated the TV favourites' book about mental health.
A number of teachers in Ukraine are educating their students online from the front line.
Venus Williams and Jamie Murray have taken their first step as a pairing into the "brutal world" of doubles tennis - but what exactly does that entail?
Proposed legislation would require employers to give staff time off work to attend fertility appointments.
The sister of the only British victim of the Paris terror attacks reflects on the 10-month trial.
Rebecca writer Dame Daphne du Maurier discovered her apparent aristocratic past was not as it seemed.
Andrea was medically evacuated to Spain as doctors in Malta could not terminate her pregnancy under the country's ban on abortion.
The spat between Heinz and Tesco has shone a light on the challenges facing suppliers and retailers.
The on-court "circus" between Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas spills into the Wimbledon interview room as the Australian denies his opponent's claim he is "a bully".
Pace bowler James Anderson says England's "best form of defence will be attack" as they try to fight back into the fifth Test against India.
Lewis Hamilton says he disagrees with fans at the British Grand Prix booing his rival Max Verstappen, saying: "We're better than that."
South Africa's Damian Willemse breaks Welsh hearts with a match-winning late penalty in a pulsating first Test in Pretoria.
Watch highlights as Nick Kyrgios fought back to knock out Greek fourth seed Stefanos Tsitsipas and reach the Wimbledon fourth round in a dramatic and fiery four-set encounter in which both players were given warnings by the umpire.
Watch the controversial moment Greece's Stefanos Tsitsipas hits a ball into the crowd and the angry reaction from Nick Kyrgios as he argues that the fourth seed should have been disqualified.
Rafael Nadal says he was "wrong" to take Lorenzo Sonego to task at the net as his "best match" of Wimbledon this year ends on a testy note.
Shoppers flee in panic after gunfire inside one of the country's biggest shopping centres.
Ukraine says it pulled its troops out and Russia claims to control all of Luhansk region.
The British Army says it is investigating after videos and posts for cryptocurrency appeared on its accounts.
FSB officers had flown terminally ill Dmitry Kolker, a top quantum physicist, to a Moscow jail.
Menus have fewer options and some schools are switching to cheaper meat from abroad, caterers say.
Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas are fined for their conduct during their fiery third-round match at Wimbledon.
The number of pubs in England and Wales continues to decline, new research suggests.
Anthony Albanese visited the devastated towns of Bucha and Irpin, describing what he saw as a 'war crime'.
The security alert in the Lecky Flyover area has since been declared a "shameful hoax".
Sixty-seven MPs and Lords have said Hikvision and Dahua surveillance equipment should be banned.
England would follow Scotland's model of one adult to five children, but most nurseries object.
The long-running dispute is over how much criminal barristers are paid for legal aid work.
Emergency officials said another eight people have been injured, with two suffering serious injuries.
Several of Monday's papers lead on Downing Street's handling of the claims facing Chris Pincher.
Cern physicist Dr Andre David describes the moment scientists found the ‘God particle’
A hairdresser in Wales is collecting her customers' hair and turning it into something useful.
Watch Sue Barker receive a standing ovation from the Centre Court crowd after John McEnroe pays an emotional tribute to the BBC presenter.
Jenny Agutter and her new co-stars travel to Oakworth, 52 years after the classic film's release.
Instead of the full event, community elders were honoured at St Paul's Carnival in Bristol.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
When Ben Raemers killed himself at the top of his game, it left many skateboarders asking questions.
As brands join the new virtual universe they have to choose exactly where to locate themselves.
Higgins' friends talk about the man whose death was the catalyst for change for people with HIV.
Florence Kambua has no choice but to salvage waste from a dump site in Kenya's capital to survive.
Cameron Norrie maintains the British challenge in the Wimbledon singles by beating American Tommy Paul to reach his first Grand Slam quarter-final.
Jonny Bairstow's stellar form is a product of feeling valued, supported and important in the England team, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
George Russell says Formula 1 needs to learn lessons from the crash in which Zhou Guanyu's Alfa Romeo vaulted a barrier at Silverstone.
Watch highlights of day three at Edgbaston as Jonny Bairstow makes another stunning century.
Marie Bouzkova produces an outrageous bending backhand against Caroline Garcia to win the best shot of day seven at Wimbledon.
Jamie Murray and Venus Williams are knocked out of the mixed doubles by British wildcards Jonny O'Mara and Alicia Barnett.
The complaint sparked a disciplinary process that confirmed the MP's misconduct, BBC News understands.
A gunman opened fire on an Independence Day parade near Chicago, killing six people.
Labour's leader says "we cannot afford to look back" as he sets out his plan to "make Brexit work".
Companies must be transparent and flexible with customers facing budget pressures, experts say.
Police warn further bodies could be found by emergency workers as they search the block of flats.
Hospices across the UK are being squeezed by rising inflation, charities warn.
Young people following the #gentleminions TikTok trend are accused of disturbing others.
A Premier League and international footballer is arrested on suspicion of rape in north London.
A pilot scheme will courier chemotherapy drugs from Portsmouth to the Isle of Wight, NHS England says.
With Luhansk region entirely in Russia's hands, its president orders the offensive to be continued.
The pair covered the Constable painting with their own art in the National Gallery, Trafalgar Square.
It is the first time they have spoken since Nicola Sturgeon outlined her route map to a referendum.
The government says having male and female facilities in all new premises will help women's safety.
Fresh questions about what the PM knew of the Chris Pincher claims feature in Tuesday's papers.
Wimbledon brings tennis to the spotlight every summer, though how does the sport work when you're blind?
Dean William was approached by one of the star's team before Saturday's sold-out BST Hyde Park gig.
Teams have been deployed to rescue a cargo ship that is stranded off the coast of Australia.
A British holidaymaker was arrested after posting a bomb threat on social media.
TV cook Big Zuu reflects on his Dave show's double Bafta win and the importance of representation.
Nicola Chan had non-purging bulimia and disordered eating, now she's helping others.
Scientists discover the first new species of giant water lily in more than a century.
More than 100 women drive miles on decorated tractors on a journey to raise £1m for a cancer charity.
America's top court has issued decisions that have divided the country and challenged lawmakers.
Michael Sheen speaks to young people in care as part of a BBC investigation into the system.
A Methodist minister tells of his struggle with sexuality and how he was sent for conversion therapy.
As fuel, food and medicines run out, Sri Lanka is on the brink of a humanitarian crisis, the UN warns.
Better data and real-time software is allowing companies to improve the precision of flood warnings.
An army of social media users backs Peter Obi for Nigeria's presidency, but will that translate into votes?
Avabai Wadia played a major role in India becoming the first country to officially promote family planning.
Why are UK pump prices at record highs, and when might they fall?
Sir Keir Starmer's vow to "make Brexit work" feels like a moment for Labour after years of argument.
People near the scene of Sunday's shooting say police did a good job in getting them to safety.
An Indian man, pretending to be a missing son, deceived the boy's family for over four decades.
Driver Zhou Guanyu says the halo device saved his life after a horror crash at Silverstone on Sunday.
Welsh microchip producer has become a front-line in the tech war between the West and China.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Wheelchair users were faced with steep hills and obscured views of the stage at the music festival.
Higgins' friends talk about the man whose death was the catalyst for change for people with HIV.
Cricketing logic says England should not chase 378 to beat India, but belief is carrying the home side towards a stunning win, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Ian Poulter will be allowed to play in this week's Scottish Open after an appeal against his ban is upheld, to the "disappointment" of DP World Tour.
Nick Kyrgios says "so many people will be upset" he has reaches the Wimbledon quarter-finals, but says it is a "good feeling" to silence his critics.
Edgbaston officials are investigating allegations of racist behaviour by members of the crowd during the ongoing Test between England and India.
Simona Halep hits an extraordinary shot in her victory against Paula Badosa to win the best shot of day eight at Wimbledon.
Rafael Nadal puts on a magnificent display against Botic van de Zandschulp to land a place in the Wimbledon quarter-finals with a straight-sets victory.
Simona Halep needs just 60 minutes to reach the Wimbledon quarter-finals as she thrashes fourth seed Paula Badosa in a devastating display.
Residents of Belgorod are divided on how to respond to Ukraine after the city was hit by explosions.
The fall of the city of Lysychansk means the whole Luhansk region is now under Russian control.
Ukrainian troops are under heavy bombardment as Russian forces inch towards key targets.
After weeks of heavy fighting Ukraine withdrew from Lysychansk - the latest eastern city to fall.
Boris Johnson makes it clear he plans to stay as he reshuffles his cabinet - but critics say it is "over" for him.
The 21-year-old is accused of firing 70 bullets onto a crowd, killing seven and wounding dozens.
Two people died in Russian strikes on Ukraine's eastern city of Slovyansk, local officials say.
People are losing faith in democracy to deliver economic stability across Middle East and North Africa, according to a major new survey.
Energy price rises mean a surge in winter fuel bills are expected.
Cameron Norrie will play Novak Djokovic in the Wimbledon last four after a stunning fightback to beat Belgium's David Goffin in a five-set thriller.
Employees can now earn £12,570 a year before paying National Insurance tax, up from £9,880 a year.
The teen who stabbed 14-year-old Dea-John Reid was convicted of manslaughter but cleared of murder.
Charlie Nunn says many households have little buffer in their accounts for harder times ahead.
A new version of the star's 1960s classic Blowin' In The Wind is expected to make £1m at auction.
A record-breaking 500,000 tickets have been sold for Euro 2022, which kicks off with hosts England on Wednesday.
Shoppers complained that dieting wall plaques to collect £1 for every pound lost body shame women.
The Norwegian government has stepped in to stop strikes that threatened to suspend UK gas deliveries.
It is part of an escalation in activity in US courts as states seek to impose abortion restrictions.
Chester Zoo's new ploughshare tortoise Hope was rescued from smugglers and fitted with rollers.
Two of his cabinet say his government lacks integrity, but the PM is not expected to go easily.
How the chancellor and secretary of state for health told Boris Johnson they were quitting.
The PM says a complaint was made against Chris Pincher in the Foreign Office three years ago.
The resignation of Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid from Boris Johnson's government dominates headlines.
Russian-born Ekaterina Volkova was injured in an air strike on her apartment that killed her Ukrainian husband.
A new film tells the story of how a Sheffield car mechanic's home doubled as Studio Electrophonique.
Tim Fung, co-founder and CEO of Airtasker, shares his business advice for our CEO Secrets series.
Who will win Euro 2022? Who will be the tournament's top goalscorer? Which team can cause an upset? BBC pundits predict what will happen at this summer's tournament.
Weekend warriors who cram rather than space out their exercise quota do just fine, a study suggests.
They hope they will help us understand the "strong force" that holds the insides of atoms together.
Four activists glued their hands to the frame of the Renaissance painting in the Piccadilly gallery.
A storage device made from sand may overcome the biggest issue in the transition to renewable energy.
Korben "living his best life", photographed by his proud mum, has gained praise around the world.
More firms are offering so-called 'fertility benefits' but there could be hidden catches.
More than eight months of rain have fallen in the Sydney area over four days, turning roads into rivers.
Irina McCarthy and Kevin McCarthy were shot dead by a gunman, leaving their son Aiden an orphan.
Two trans women in Amsterdam are planning a refuge in Kenya for trans people at risk all over the world.
As Covid cases rise again, what does the guidance say about who should isolate and for how long?
People will able to keep more of their income before they start paying National Insurance.
It has been more than a month since the rapper was shot dead. But he is still making headlines.
Michael Sheen speaks to young people in care as part of a BBC investigation into the system.
The BBC speaks to three people sought in return for support of Swedish and Finnish Nato membership.
The US has concluded the journalist was likely to have been hit by unintentional Israeli gunfire.
It is time to get carried away by the new England after their record win over India in the fifth Test, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Ian Poulter claims he does not expect a hostile reception at this week's Scottish Open but American Billy Horschel launches a scathing attack on LIV Golf's rebels.
Tatjana Maria reaches her first Grand Slam semi-final - to the delight of her eldest daughter Charlotte - and she will face Ons Jabeur.
Britain's Cameron Norrie reaches the Wimbledon semi-finals by fighting back to beat unseeded Belgian David Goffin in a five-set thriller.
After reaching the semi-finals of a Grand Slam for the first time, Britain's Cameron Norrie is finally starting to gain more recognition after his Wimbledon exploits.
Cameron Norrie says he could not help but become emotional after reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals on a "crazy day".
A player arrested in north London on Monday on suspicion of rape has been questioned over two further rape allegations.
The PM remains defiant as he sacks Michael Gove and hits back at colleagues telling him to go.
The 21-year-old suspect was able to purchase five guns despite several 'red flags' being raised.
The Law Commission wants to strengthen the law to protect victims of intimate image abuse.
A top prosecutor gave the new figure to the BBC, but admitted many trials would be held in absentia.
An investigation finds supermarkets sell imported ham produced under conditions banned in the UK.
Allegations emerge that two police officers manipulated the body and shared photos and video online.
The Islamist group Boko Haram is suspected of carrying out the attack in Abuja on Tuesday night.
Beth Mead helps England get off to a winning start at Euro 2022 as they beat Austria in front of a record crowd for a European Women's Championship game at Old Trafford.
Jerry Harris admitted to exchanging lewd pictures with children that he knew to be underage.
The airline says the cancellations will affect short-haul flights between August and the end of October.
Phone footage shows the performer missing a safety net during a "human cannonball" stunt.
The bank's chief economist says its focus is getting prices down and making life affordable again.
Rafael Nadal fights through injury to come from behind to beat Taylor Fritz and reach the Wimbledon semi-finals.
The UK and US security service heads make an unprecedented joint appearance to warn about China.
Westminster is a postcode defined by power and tonight it is shifting, the BBC's political editor says.
After Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid resign, who else is leaving Boris Johnson's cabinet and in his ministerial team?
If a PM wants an early election they need to make a "request" to the Queen.
Former health secretary Sajid Javid says the government's problems and scandals "start at the top".
Simon Hart was among the cabinet ministers who had earlier urged Boris Johnson to resign.
All eyes are on whether the new chancellor adopts a different approach to economic management.
Sajid Javid's replacement faces a big list of problems, including NHS staff pay and long waiting lists.
The PM is clinging on but if his premiership does come to an end, here is how it might happen.
The prime minister is about to face MPs' questions as he sees ministers resign from his government.
The new education secretary will have to take on rising costs for schools, and Covid catch-up pressures.
Iraqi refugee, Teletubby merchandise salesman, pollster, millionaire - meet the new chancellor.
Questions over the survival of Boris Johnson's premiership leads newspapers again on Thursday.
A man who spent two months in a coma after having Covid says people should "never give up".
Former cameraman Peter Jouvenal was held by the Taliban for six months.
Rescue team members descend on ropes into a mine to haul the trapped sheep back to safety
The songs, which fans have claimed contain 'fake' vocals, have been pulled from Spotify and YouTube.
Taika Waititi's Thor: Love and Thunder receives broadly positive reviews, with some reservations.
The Chagos Islands football team are trying to keep the story of their ancestors alive, 6,000 miles from their disputed homeland.
The destruction of Russian tanks in Ukraine has raised questions over its future in modern warfare.
False suggestions that Sydney floods were linked to weather manipulation reach thousands online.
The Indonesian island wants holidaymakers to come back as it reopens after two years.
Alex Robins says she will keep "fighting and fighting" for her one-year-old daughter, Lexi.
The video sharing app is making some Arab youth rich - but for others the dream is way out of reach.
In what is described as the biggest ever power crisis, there are blackouts of up to six hours a day.
Millions are battling flooding and overflowing sewers as monsoon rains lash India's financial capital.
Irina McCarthy and Kevin McCarthy were shot dead by a gunman, leaving their son Aiden an orphan.
Business owners say they face increasing problems due to staffing shortages and soaring inflation.
On a night that will be remembered for the occasion rather than England's performance, Euro 2022 gets off to a flying start in front of 68,871 at Old Trafford.
Watch highlights as England beat Austria in the opening match of the European Women's Championship.
Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling agrees personal terms with Chelsea.
Rafael Nadal suffers through rib injury to come from behind and beat Taylor Fritz to reach the Wimbledon semi-finals 3-6 7-5 3-6 7-5 7-6 (10-4).
As Cameron Norrie prepares for his first Wimbledon semi-final, BBC Sport looks at how he got there.
Nick Kyrgios reaches his first Grand Slam singles semi-final with a straight-set win over Chile's Cristian Garin at Wimbledon.
Canadian swimmer Mary-Sophie Harvey says she was drugged during the final night of the World Championships in Budapest last month.
The tournament from 6-31 July will give BBC audiences 24/7 access to all of the action and insight from the event across TV, radio and online.
BBC Sport's Liam Loftus takes a tour of England's media day to ask the Lionesses some of the silliest questions they will face ahead of Euro 2022.
How did you rate the players as England begin their Euro 2022 campaign with a win over Austria at Old Trafford?
The Women's Euro 2022 Championship is taking place in England from 6-31 July. Take a look at which teams are playing at which stadiums.
Northern Ireland captain Marissa Callaghan says she is fit and available for her side's Euro 2022 opening match against Norway at St Mary's on Thursday.
England's Beth Mead scores the opening goal against Austria at Old Trafford in the first match of the European Women's Championship.
The Question of Sport team have put together a quiz to test your knowledge of the Women's European Championship.
Spain's Alexia Putellas says "I have faith I can recover, get back on track and finished what I started" as an injury rules her out of Euro 2022.
As Sarina Wiegman prepares to lead England at the Euros, those who have worked with her reveal all to BBC Sport.
Watch great goals from players set to star at the Women's European Championship this summer, including England's Lauren Hemp and the Netherlands' Vivianne Miedema.
A record-breaking 500,000 tickets have been sold for Euro 2022, which kicks off with hosts England on Wednesday.
Civilians flee Ukraine's eastern city of Slovyansk and Kazakh oil is hit by a Russian court ruling.
Some Tory MPs are launching their leadership bids to become PM - with ex-soldier Tom Tugendhat the latest to put his name forward.
Some NHS buildings are unsafe and urgently need upgrading, trust bosses warn.
Parts of the country are predicted to hit 28C (82.4F) on Friday, beginning a run of hot days.
He and fraudster Elizabeth Holmes ran the Silicon Valley company as a couple before its implosion.
It is now thought 237,000 people have been underpaid a total of £1.5bn, new figures show.
Ghislaine Maxwell formally filed her appeal nine days after her conviction for child sex trafficking.
Dominic Raab previously condemned the decision, saying the Parole Board needs an "overhaul".
Boris Johnson met ex-KGB man Alexander Lebedev without officials but says they were informed after.
The Olympic gymnast is the youngest person ever to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Ex-FBI heads James Comey and Andrew McCabe were subjected to rigorous checks during Trump's presidency.
The country hopes to collect thousands of hobbyist and commercial drones.
The former police officer is already serving a 22-year prison sentence for the murder of Mr Floyd.
Notebooks mysteriously returned after 20 years are featured in a new Cambridge exhibition.
Police say Inderjeet Kaur's offences put people at risk and were motivated by greed.
As the Boris Johnson era ends, it's a safe bet the next Tory leader will be a very different character.
Tory MPs are vying to become the next party leader and prime minister - but who are they?
How will the Conservatives elect a new leader and who will be the next prime minister?
The PM formally announces he is quitting as leader of the Tory party after a perilous few days in office.
One says the PM has "abused his authority" while another says he is "sorry to see him go".
The prime minister has communicated that he will resign.
As Boris Johnson decides to step down as prime minister, who resigned from his government ahead of the announcement?
Mr Lewis' resignation came before it emerged that Boris Johnson would step down as prime minister.
The prime minister admits he met Alexander Lebedev, an ex-KGB agent, without officials present.
The prime minister's resignation and his pledge to stay on in the interim leads most papers.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Bristol Girls Longboard is a community of women and non-binary people who meet to practise longboarding.
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and beyond this week.
The photographs that capture the rise and fall of British Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
ZSL London Zoo runs a Friendly Spider Programme to help people who have a fear of spiders.
A mum praises Jet2 for pulling out all the stops and flying "Bunbun" from Majorca to Yorkshire.
The drama that led to Boris Johnson's downfall.
The contenders battle it out in an annual world championship event.
Highlights from the prime minister's political life.
The late US actor, who has died aged 82, starred in films including The Godfather, Misery and Elf.
Russian forces push into the eastern Donetsk where one civilian died on Thursday after a missile strike.
Simba's ears measure 54cm (21in) each, a length his owner claims breaks global records.
The animal is back in the wild after finding itself in one of Latin America's dirtiest rivers, the Riachuelo.
Natalie Imbruglia is a surprise guest at Olivia Rodrigo's UK tour, teaming up for a duet of Torn.
American style training at Fort Leavenworth stands in contrast to Soviet-style military education.
The president is seeking a historic third term amid an economic slump and growing fatigue over Covid.
Cocoa beans go through a fermentation process that scientists say can be more precisely controlled.
Living in Sri Lanka is a daily battle and people are broken after months of crisis, writes Andrew Fidel Fernando.
Her Oscar-winning Power of the Dog was made by Netflix but she fears others may not get a chance.
Boris Johnson reached the very top by defying political convention, but he has finally run out of luck.
Less than three years after a thumping election win, the PM is resigning. How did it come to this?
The challenges facing the MP for North West Cambridgeshire as he replaces Brandon Lewis.
The destruction of Russian tanks in Ukraine has raised questions over its future in modern warfare.
England lose their first match under new captain Jos Buttler as Hardik Pandya inspires India to a 50-run victory in the first Twenty20.
Britain's Cameron Norrie says facing six-time champion Novak Djokovic in Friday's Wimbledon semi-final is "one of the tougher tasks in tennis".
Rafael Nadal withdraws from his Wimbledon semi-final against Nick Kyrgios with an abdominal injury.
Ons Jabeur hits the best shot of day eleven at Wimbledon with clever improvisation.
Hardik Pandya finishes with four wickets and 51 runs to lead India to a dominant 50-run victory over England.
History makers Ons Jabeur and Elena Rybakina will meet in the Wimbledon final after the pair claimed impressive victories in the last four.
As Cameron Norrie prepares for his first Wimbledon semi-final, BBC Sport looks at how he got there.
Derry Girls star Saoirse-Monica Jackson kicks off Northern Ireland's opening match of the European Women's Championship against Norway.
Northern Ireland manager Kenny Shiels says there is a need for realism when assessing his team's performances at Euro 2022.
Unbeaten in two years and with a squad full of Champions League winners, Spain have however been hit by injuries to key players.
Northern Ireland's historic debut at a major tournament ends in a 4-1 defeat by a ruthless Norway side in their Euro 2022 opener at St Mary's.
Twitter says it is committed to the deal and will take legal action to enforce the agreement.
The former chancellor vows to "rebuild the economy" as he enters the race to succeed Boris Johnson.
With Boris Johnson soon to be an ex-PM, Labour's leader faces a moving target of various possible future ones.
The man suspected of killing Japan's ex-PM held a grudge against a group he thought Abe was part of, police say.
The warning for parents comes as a heat-health alert continues for parts of the UK.
Daniel Cook says he was advised by a colleague to delay disclosing he was groped by Chris Pincher.
The actor portrayed Paulie Walnuts, one of Tony Soprano's chief henchmen, on the popular HBO series.
The order comes amid pressure on the US president to take more action to safeguard abortion access.
There has also been a rise in children and teenagers taking the drugs, NHS figures show.
US and UK security services say the rise of lone actors means less intelligence on potential attacks.
Emergency call hotlines, hospitals and government agencies are affected by the nationwide issue.
Britain's Cameron Norrie is unable to capitalise on a confident start as Novak Djokovic fights back to reach the Wimbledon men's singles final.
The ITV presenter says he is "beyond devastated" by the loss of his brother, who was a priest.
The race to lead the Conservative Party dominates the front pages on Saturday.
The much-loved character is set to return for a second time, 20 years after his first appearance.
The supermodel has been awarded an honorary doctorate by a UK university for her impact on global fashion.
The fight for affordable HIV/Aids treatment
The sessions are run by the Wallace and Gromit creators. Netflix and Bristol charity Ablaze.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Rambai, who has won over a dozen medals in running competitions, is an inspiration to younger generations.
Britain's Cameron Norrie says reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals is "pretty sick" and gives him added belief he can win a Grand Slam title.
How a gunman attacked and fatally shot the former Japanese PM during a campaign rally.
A contentious nationalist, he was known for his signature economic reforms and an assertive foreign policy.
Our political correspondent answers some of your questions on the PM's departure.
A £3.5m tiara theft put police on the trail of a violent gang, whose victims included Ashley Cole.
As families are hit by rapidly rising prices, one group of teenagers is taking budgeting lessons home.
Farmers in the north fear for the future as the River Po runs dry in the worst drought in 70 years.
Some critics of Boris Johnson have questioned his honesty - we tested some of his most notable claims.
There will be a new name on the Venus Rosewater Dish on Saturday as Ons Jabeur and Elena Rybakina chase further history in the Wimbledon final.
England prop Ellis Genge says England need to be "better everywhere" in the second Test against Australia, after being "naive" in their opener.
In her latest BBC Sport column, Wimbledon finalist Ons Jabeur talks about her parents not being able to travel to London for Saturday's match.
Novak Djokovic finishes off Cameron Norrie with a drop shot after hitting an incredible 'hot dog' lob during their semi-final at Wimbledon.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen pips the Ferrari of Charles Leclerc to pole position at the Austrian Grand Prix with his final lap of qualifying.
They say never change a winning side but that mantra has been well and truly ripped up this week in South Africa.
Scotland need a win over Argentina on Saturday to keep the Test series alive and could do with rediscovering some of the attacking magic from head coach Gregor Townsend's early days in charge.
As Europe's best players come to England for this summer's Euros, BBC Sport picks out the stars who could shine.
The former cabinet ministers join list of senior Tories in race to replace Boris Johnson as leader and PM.
Thousands of protesters have been demanding the PM and president quit over the country's economic crisis.
Japan is in shock after former PM Shinzo Abe was assassinated during a campaign speech.
Six fighters, including two of the latest F-35s, fly to the prospective Nato members for joint exercises.
The US Supreme Court last month repealed Roe v Wade, ending the nationwide guarantee to an abortion.
Nick Kyrgios says he will be playing for "the ultimate glory" and "tennis immortality" when he faces Novak Djokovic in Sunday's Wimbledon men's final.
Education minister Andrea Jenkyns says she should have shown more composure "but is only human".
Civilian areas are hit again in several cities and police say Russia is setting crops ablaze.
A woman is taken to hospital and a man is arrested after the incident in South Lanarkshire.
Paul Hoile, who has been suspended from the Met, appears in court accused of four offences.
Chelsea and Manchester City agree a fee worth up to £50m for Raheem Sterling, who is set to join the Stamford Bridge club on a five-year contract.
Collin Reeves stabbed neighbours Jennifer and Stephen Chapple while their children slept upstairs.
The former Conservative MP says he "dropped" his ring after giving a talk at Buxton Opera House.
Quarrels over tax and new names in the Tory leadership contest dominate the front pages on Sunday.
A project funded by the UK’s Arts and Humanities Research Council has analysed protest songs from the 1600s to today, creating the first official database of English protest songs.
Around 30,000 Ukrainian refugees have fled to Denmark, where a nationwide scheme is offering a unique, two-wheeled welcome.
Korben, 16, reflects on a week in which his prom outfit became "the most famous dress in Britain".
Vehicle 486 was once a home for a retired miner in a Herefordshire field.
Alex Brace spotted the huge beast lurking in the depths off Tenby.
Sri Lanka's leaders flee from an angry crowd - extraordinary for a country tainted by political repression.
Does the latest review offer families the hope of finally having their voices heard?
What impact do high temperatures have on our bodies?
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK.
Black Americans are almost twice as likely to be denied a mortgage than their white counterparts.
Tory MPs are vying to become the next party leader and prime minister - but who are they?
The left-field singer couldn't listen to music after her label dumped her. Here's how she recovered.
Musk is seeking to end his bid to buy Twitter, alleging multiple breaches of the agreement.
New Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina says she "did not know" how to celebrate her "shocking" victory over Ons Jabeur in the final.
In her BBC Sport column, Wimbledon runner-up Ons Jabeur talks about her post-final tears and using Bob Marley's positivity as inspiration.
Elena Rybakina becomes the first player repreenting Kazakhstan to win a Grand Slam title by beating Tunisian third seed Ons Jabeur 3-6 6-2 6-2 in the Wimbledon women's singles final.
Derek Chisora beats Kubrat Pulev by split decision in a close heavyweight encounter at London's O2 Arena, ending a run of three consecutive defeats.
Sebastian Vettel is handed a suspended fine for walking out of the drivers' briefing at the Austrian Grand Prix.
England are thrashed by 49 runs in the second Twenty20 at Edgbaston as India clinch the three-match series with a game to spare.
Wales captain Dan Biggar says he is desperate to figure in the series decider against South Africa in Cape Town.
Some Euro 2022 matches featuring the biggest stars of women's football are being played in small northern stadiums - but does that matter?
Sweden goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl tells BBC Sport her team are not afraid of shouting about their talent.
The foreign secretary launches her leadership bid, joining many other candidates in pledging tax cuts.
Emmanuel Macron is among leaders who helped the ride-hailing company disrupt new markets.
Sri Lankan President Gotabaya Rajapaksa promised to resign in a few days, but protesters are sceptical.
Novak Djokovic underlines his recent dominance at Wimbledon with a composed fightback against Nick Kyrgios to win a fourth straight title.
A satellite built in Cardiff is set to be launched into space later this year.
John Steele has been named locally as the man who reportedly fell from the Antiville bonfire.
Roger Federer and Andy Murray leads the tributes as Sue Barker's final Wimbledon ends with an emotional send-off in front of cheering fans.
Steve Bannon had refused to cooperate until now but his apparent change of heart is supported by Trump.
But punctuality improved across all UK airports due to fewer flights caused by Covid restrictions.
Formula 1 will investigate claims that some spectators at the Austrian Grand Prix suffered discriminatory abuse.
The victims are believed to be between 19 and 35 years old, with several more in a critical condition.
The project's aim is to help protect ecosystems and native red squirrel populations.
The practice has been under scrutiny after more than 1,400 dolphins were killed in one day last year.
With more MPs launching leadership bids, the race to become PM dominates the front pages on Monday.
Jalal Noory was just a child when he escaped Afghanistan's civil wars following the Soviet invasion.
Helsinki's Pikku-Finlandia is a reusable wooden building with load-bearing tree trunks and branches.
Sri Lankans have been touring the luxury presidential residence in Colombo after protesters stormed it.
More than 300 people once lived near Woodhead lead mine but the Galloway site is now deserted.
BBC Sport pays tribute to broadcaster Sue Barker as she retires from the BBC's Wimbledon coverage after 30 years.
Experts are asking who is behind Predatory Sparrow, the group which says it started a fire in an Iranian factory.
Keir Starmer is threatening a vote of no confidence in Boris Johnson's government.
A US game has got regulatory approval to help treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Novak Djokovic says he needed time to "weather the storm" after his deportation from Australia to claim a fourth-consecutive Wimbledon title.
England hold on for a consolation victory in the third Twenty20 against India despite Suryakumar Yadav's sensational century at Trent Bridge.
Grace Geyoro scores a hat-trick as France show why they are among the Euro 2022 favourites by thrashing Italy in their Group D opener in Rotherham.
Watch highlights as Novak Djokovic fight backs against Australia's Nick Kyrgios to win his seventh Wimbledon men's singles title on Centre Court.
After criticism of its use at Euro 2022, Manchester City's Academy Stadium proves size is not everything as Iceland bring the Viking clap and their prime minister to Euro 2022.
With Paul Pogba set to return to Juventus, Mina Rzouki looks at what impact the Frenchman can have on the former Italian champions.
France are ranked third in the world and have some of the most talented players in Europe - so why have they never won a women's major tournament?
England manager Sarina Wiegman says she is happy for Norway to "want to be the underdogs" in their group match at the European Women's Championship.
The Olympic star says the name Mohamed Farah was given to him by a stranger who flew him to the UK.
Party bosses have also changed the rules to make it more difficult to enter and progress in the race.
The new $10bn space telescope delivers its first full-colour image of the distant Universe.
Brits heading abroad could face paying more for everything from car hire to meals out
England produce a sensational, record-breaking performance to beat rivals Norway 8-0 and reach the Euro 2022 knockout stages.
The BBC has spoken to women who say they were sexually assaulted during massage treatments.
Sajith Premadasa tells the BBC he plans to run for the presidency, after urgent talks with allies.
Organisers estimate the UK throws out nearly 100 billion pieces of plastic each year.
The current drop in sales has not been seen "since the depths of the pandemic", a UK retail body says.
Drivers at eight train companies have voted to walk out but a date for action has not yet been set.
People are being advised to stay indoors where possible and drink plenty of fluids.
Expected tax cut vows by Rishi Sunak and Mo Farah's revelation that he was smuggled to the UK feature on the front pages.
Tom Bateman spends time with people of Jenin refugee camp, as fears grow of a further descent into violence.
Jambo Radio broadcasts in multiple languages to cater for the growing African and Caribbean community in Scotland.
The woman behind a disability-adaptive clothing brand making a mark in the fashion industry.
A man who fled war in Afghanistan now fights for Ukraine and Europe worries about Russian gas.
The former Neighbours stars have been pictured reprising their roles as the soap comes to an end.
Fans are left disappointed after an event with the US rapper is cancelled because of overcrowding.
A former executive reveals how far the company went to court influential leaders around the world.
Abortion pills - the most common way to end pregnancies in the US - are in activists' crosshairs.
Know the signs and what to do if someone is unwell in hot weather.
The first instalment of an extra payment to those on benefits will be paid from 14 July.
The mum of the former Wales football boss opens up more than a decade after he took his own life.
With more people working from home there's growing interest in making the home smell better.
The actress on playing a woman who starts an all-male house cleaning business - with extras.
All the other candidates have been gunning for the former chancellor's record on tax and spending.
Many candidates vying to become Tory party leader are eyeing tax cuts, but can they balance the books?
Protesters are occupying the president's official residence after months of instability.
Emma Lamb's maiden international century leads England to a dominant five-wicket win over South Africa in the first one-day international at Northampton.
Watch highlights as England thrash Norway 8-0 at the Amex Stadium to progress to the quarter-finals of the European Women's Championship as group winners.
Wales captain Gareth Bale is targeting Euro 2024 - and maybe the 2026 World Cup - after declaring he has joined Los Angeles FC for the long term.
Beth Mead slaloms through Norway's defence and nets England's fifth as the Lionesses continue their amazing start in their second Euro 2022 match in Brighton.
Watch the moment Valour FC's William Akio clears his own team-mate's would-be goal off the line during their Canadian Premier League game against HFX Wanderers.
Rory McIlroy says it is "great" Tiger Woods is at the 150th Open Championship even if the American has been joking about his superior St Andrews record.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's over huge tournament wins after the Lionesses thrash Norway at Euro 2022.
"I just can't put it into words" - how England's players reacted to their stunning 8-0 win over Norway.
Northern Ireland are out of Euro 2022 after a 2-0 defeat by Austria in Southampton was followed by England's 8-0 hammering of Norway.
The eight candidates need to gain at least 30 votes to stay in the contest to replace Boris Johnson.
Gotabaya Rajapaksa has arrived in the Maldives amid mass protests over Sri Lanka's economic crisis.
It comes after Sir Mo Farah revealed he was trafficked to the UK as a child.
The social media firm is trying to force Elon Musk to buy it after he walked away from the deal.
General Lord Richards says he would order an investigation into alleged killings if he were still in charge.
Some are vulnerable people who could get extremely sick if they were to catch Covid, warn experts.
A "stellar nursery" and a "cosmic dance" are among James Webb's first batch of colour images.
Mr Trump sent a rallying call to supporters after "the craziest meeting" of his presidency, the inquiry hears.
CBI business lobby group calls for "credible and bold plans for growth" in a letter to candidates.
Agencies blamed children and not perpetrators for the abuse suffered in Telford, the report says.
The vaccine rollout had been "amazing", said the Queen, at a ceremony at Windsor Castle.
People are being warned of heat risks to their health amid temperatures reaching above 30C.
Downing Street says it would allow a vote of no confidence in the government, but not in Boris Johnson.
Moves by allies of Boris Johnson to stop Rishi Sunak becoming Tory leader and fears over the coming heatwave feature on the front pages.
Slava Vakarchuk is the lead singer of Okean Elzy, Ukraine's most popular rock band.
Chloe Brown has taught her harlequin macaw how to free fly in locations including the Peak District.
Mary Ellen Iskenderian, president and CEO of non-profit organisation Women's World Banking, shares her business advice.
Lindsay, Simon and their two daughters say they've saved up to £400 a month by ditching their car.
BBC Panorama has discovered one British SAS unit killed 54 people in suspicious circumstances.
His mother says she felt like "transporting with joy" when Sir Mo Farah called her after years apart.
UK company Nothing's first handset, with distinctive notification lights, has had 200,000 pre-orders.
Find out if your favourite actors and shows have been nominated for America's leading TV honours.
Five charts show why low-quality work, high rent and flat wages mean price rises are hitting hard.
The US president's visit to the turbulent region may highlight the limits of American power.
Thirty years after he began his career, the actor remains among the world's biggest film icons.
Three people who used to work in aviation up until the Covid pandemic discuss whether they would return to the industry.
Contenders have promised a range of tax cuts but given little detail about how they will be funded.
Ukraine attacks a Russian-held city with US missiles, while Iran is reportedly giving Moscow drones.
Protesters are occupying the president's official residence after months of instability.
Panorama brought a series of suspicious killings of civilians to light, after four years of detective work.
England "won't panic" despite losing by 10 wickets in the first ODI of the series against India at The Kia Oval, says captain Jos Buttler.
Is this Martial's time to shine? Is Darwin Nunez's next number nine? What did we learn from Bangkok friendly?
Tiger Woods believes some players "have turned their back" on what made them by leaving the PGA Tour to join the LIV Golf Series.
Ian Wright hit back at Lord Sugar's "complete foolishness" after the Apprentice star complained about the lack of male pundits on BBC Sport's Euro 2022 coverage.
England are bowled out for 110 as they slump to a miserable 10-wicket defeat against India in the first one-day international at The Oval.
Danny Care says England want to have an "all-court game", but will we see 'Old England' in the final Test against Australia?
Magnus Cort edges out Nicholas Schultz in a photo finish to win a disrupted 10th stage of the Tour de France after climate activists forced a 10-minute delay in Megeve.
Eight-time European champions Germany defeat Spain to secure top spot in Group B and avoid a Euro 2022 quarter-final tie with England.
Pernille Harder's second-half goal ensures Denmark keep their hopes of progressing from Group B alive as they beat a determined Finland at Euro 2022.
The foreign secretary launches her leadership campaign as Tory MPs vote in round two of the contest.
Rishi Sunak is out in front but the fizz and chatter, for now at least, is about Penny Mordaunt.
The work was discovered on the back of another of the artist's paintings in a Scottish gallery.
Thousands of protesters stormed the office of Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe.
The International Monetary Fund hints it will downgrade its expectations for global economic growth.
The bill's passage through Parliament has been delayed until MPs return from summer break.
The first £326 payment will be paid by the end of July, the government has said.
The discoveries included a fungus previously recorded in the Arctic and another in Antarctica.
Prosecutors said Joshua Schulte leaked advanced hacking tools to WikiLeaks in a "devastating" move.
Rail workers will walk out as part of an ongoing dispute over pay, jobs and conditions, the RMT union says.
But Boris Johnson declines to talk during PMQs about allegations of unlawful killings by an SAS unit.
A Premier League player arrested on suspicion of rape has not been suspended and can "fulfil his professional commitments", his club have said.
Temperatures are set to peak on Monday, with highs of 36C forecast for parts of south-east England.
Penny Mordaunt's surge in the Tory leadership race features on the front pages.
Several candidates for leader have made slick campaign videos to try and get their message across.
The mammoth effort underway to prepare the aviation sector for 'super peak' getaway period.
Pokrovsk Perinatal Centre is around 40km (25 miles) from the nearest front line.
UK dentists are treating patients with complications after travelling abroad for cheap crowns.
Katje van Loon had the idea for International Non-Binary day - half way between International Women's Day and International Men's Day.
With much of the UK facing a heatwave, when is it too hot to work?
The estate in Kettering is one of 225 areas said to need help to stop growing inequality.
A new walkout will take place on 27 July, but what is the dispute about?
Bernard Collaery is a hero in East Timor, but faced prosecution in Australia for revealing a spy mission.
Laura Kuenssberg looks at what finally made the prime minister change his mind about quitting.
The US accuses Russia of removing civilians and Ukraine breaks off diplomatic ties with North Korea.
Mark and Caroline Gittins ended up back where they started, after strong winds diverted their flight to Madeira.
Emily Vaughn told the inquiry of her experiences but questions if anything will change as a result.
Banning LIV Golf players from The Open is "not on the agenda" of the R&A, says chief Martin Slumbers as he addresses the Saudi-funded start-up.
Chelsea confirm the signing of England forward Raheem Sterling from Manchester City in a £50m deal.
Danielle van de Donk scores "an absolute rocket" to secure a 3-2 win for the Netherlands over Portugal at Euro 2022.
Maurice Flitcroft was the 'Phantom of the Open' - an undaunted amateur who tricked his way into competing among golf's elite.
Andy Murray recovers from a set down to reach the quarter-finals of the Hall of Fame Open in Newport, Rhode Island.
St Andrews is primed for record-breaking crowds as the iconic Old Course hosts a historic 150th edition of the Open Championship.
England's US Open champion Matt Fitzpatrick will play with three-time Open champion Tiger Woods in the first two rounds at St Andrews.
Protesters were met with tear gas and water cannon by authorities.
A state of emergency has been declared after months of protests across the country.
Residents weary of crisis queue for fuel after huge crowds of protesters force the president to flee.
Sri Lankan women tell the BBC of their hopes that the protests will have a positive impact on people's lives.
Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe was not in the building at the time.
Sri Lankans have been touring the luxury presidential residence in Colombo after protesters stormed it.
Protesters broke into the prime minister's office after President Gotabaya Rajapaksa fled the country.
Danielle van de Donk scores a fine winner as defending champions the Netherlands survive a scare to defeat Portugal in an action-packed Euro 2022 encounter.
Teenage substitute Hanna Bennison scores the winning goal as Sweden overcome Switzerland to earn their first victory at Euro 2022.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's huge tournament wins after the Lionesses thrash Norway at Euro 2022.
How to watch every Uefa Women's Euro 2022 game on the BBC this July.
Foreign secretary picks up support from defeated rival as another contender is urged to step down.
Workers at Network Rail and 14 train operators will now strike on 18 and 20 August, as well as 27 July.
Mario Draghi resigns after his coalition falls apart, but the president refuses to accept it.
The former US president described his ex-wife as a "wonderful, beautiful and amazing woman".
A "really tough winter in Europe" is ahead given doubts over Russian gas supplies, says the firm's boss.
Protesters celebrate in Colombo after Gotabaya Rajapaksa stands down, having fled to Singapore.
Three children were among those killed by Russian missiles in the central city of Vinnytsia, Ukraine says.
People are being urged to stay hydrated and look out for vulnerable people as the heat builds.
Action comes after BBC News found software was being used to bulk book slots to sell for profit.
The channel will be called BBC News and will replace the corporation's two existing news channels.
The comedian cancelled shows last week after saying he was struggling with neck and throat pain.
The early starters took advantage of benign conditions as the Old Course is left largely defenceless on the opening morning of the 150th Open Championship.
Toilet facilities at the airport are closed as a result of the outage.
Criticism of Penny Mordaunt by backers of her Tory leadership rival Liz Truss feature on the front pages.
A heatwave is sweeping across Europe and scorching temperatures are expected in the UK next week.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The hot weather inspires workers to use innovative measures to keep cool.
A new study suggests that artists who are nominated for an award but don't win often stop taking risks.
'Friends and family' lower long-term stress in orphaned elephants, study finds.
The town of Prescot, near Liverpool, celebrates its links to Shakespeare with a £38m replica theatre.
BBC Newsnight spends 12 hours at six hospitals with the longest delays handing over patients. to A&E.
Local politicians in occupied regions of Ukraine say they were abducted, beaten and tortured.
On this Middle East tour, the president must walk a foreign policy tightrope.
As the temperature rises what are the challenges faced by disabled people?
Here's a look at some solutions to gun violence proposed by both sides of the gun-control debate.
With wheat at record high prices, importing countries hoping for increased supply may be disappointed.
Demand is rising at a food bank just as donations drop, while concerns grow about the coming winter.
An attack on a city far from the front line kills more than 20 people, and a Russian mother's anger over her missing son.
England dig in to level their one-day international series against India with a 100-run victory in the second match at Lord's.
Tom Pidcock wins his maiden Tour de France stage in style with a solo victory atop the iconic Alpe d'Huez.
New owners want to take fourth-tier Crawley Town all the way to the top, harnessing the volatile world of crypto-assets.
Reece Topley starred with the ball as England fought back to level their one-day international series against India with a 100-run victory in the second match at Lord's.
Watch as Kim Si-Woo pars the 17th hole with an outstanding shot from the bunker at The 150th Open.
Watch Karolina Lea Vilhjalmsdottir fire in a volley to give Iceland an early lead against Italy at the Manchester City Academy Stadium.
Euro 2022 breaks the record for the total attendance at a European Women's Championship - despite still being in the group stage.
They are older, more male and better off than the UK average. What else do we know about Tory members?
Not all the candidates want to push ahead with policies designed to de-carbonise the economy by 2050.
Five Tory MPs remain in the contest to become the next party leader and prime minister - but who are they?
The Tory leadership contest has become increasingly fractious as candidates battle to stay in the race.
Contenders have promised a range of tax cuts but given little detail about how they will be funded.
What does the diversity of candidates vying to be Conservative party leader and PM tell us about British politics?
Tax, online regulation, pay and Channel 4's future are among the issues on hold during the Tory leadership race.
What do the would-be prime ministers want to do with the Northern Irish part of the Brexit deal?
France breeze into the Euro 2022 quarter-finals with a game to spare by beating Belgium at Rotherham's New York Stadium to progress as Group D winners.
Italy and Iceland are forced to settle for a point each as their hopes of advancing to the quarter-finals of Euro 2022 are left on a knife-edge.
Have you been to any of the Euro 2022 games so far this summer? Let us know your stories.
Links to the BBC Sport guides to each of the 16 teams competing in this summer's Euros in England.
Preview followed by live coverage of Friday's Women's European Championship game between Northern Ireland and England.
The economy loomed large as the five contenders took part in the contest's first live TV debate.
The TV debate between rivals for the Tory leadership is showing up divisions, the BBC's Nick Eardley explains.
Trains could be disrupted and schools are closing early as temperatures could hit 40C (104F).
Some schools are closing, and others are taking extra steps as temperatures could hit 40C.
The US president is attempting to rebuild ties having promised to make Saudi Arabia a "pariah".
The death of Donald Trump's first wife is ruled accidental amid reports that she fell down stairs.
More people than originally planned will be offered the jab in the UK ahead of the coming winter.
The slow roll-out is a blow to chances of containing the outbreak, health experts warn.
England wrap up an impressive group stage at Euro 2022 as they comfortably beat Northern Ireland having already qualified for the quarter-finals.
David Venables killed Brenda 40 years ago and her remains lay undiscovered for decades.
The airline says it will work with the airport as it struggles to cope with surging demand for travel.
Sarah Osborne was wrongly told she could not be added as a parent when registering the baby's birth.
Four-year-old Liza was one of three children killed in the attack on Vinnytsia, far from the front line.
His brother, singer Shaun, and other bandmates pay tribute to him as a "true pioneer and legend".
Many of Saturday's papers lead on the extremely hot temperatures that are predicted for next week.
The five candidates hoping to be the next Tory leader faced off in front of a studio audience.
Shanghai is one of dozens of cities across the country to issue extreme weather warnings.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
A paramotoring pilot says he wants to help more ex-soldiers to get into the sport.
Tom Bateman meets the militants Israel is trying to stop with raids in the flashpoint camp of Jenin.
The Queen visits Maidenhead to officially open the new Thames Hospice centre.
Thousands of workers have gone on strike or threatened to this summer, risking widespread disruption.
As a man is jailed for a burglary at ex-footballer Ashley Cole's home - how are celebrities protecting their property?
How the decades-old evidence of David Venables' secret mistress helped convict him of murder.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK.
Social-media users are blaming the political crisis on "elitist green policies". What is the truth?
One woman warns others to learn from her mistakes and use sunscreen.
Liza was one of three children killed in the attack on Vinnytsia, far from the front line.
Train drivers and rail workers will go on strike in July and August.
Cameron Smith sets the pace on day two of the 150th Open Championship as Tiger Woods misses the halfway cut amid emotional scenes on the Old Course.
Emotion in the galleries and on the course as Tiger Woods bids farewell to St Andrews, but not to the Open Championship.
Alessia Russo executes a superb turn and scores an "absolutely brilliant" goal to put England 4-0 up against Northern Ireland at St Mary's Stadium.
Watch as Holly Bradshaw's pole snapped as the GB athlete practiced ahead of pole vault qualification at the World Athletics Championships in Oregon, USA.
Sophia Dunkley hits her maiden international century as England beat South Africa by 114 runs in the second ODI in Bristol.
Yorkshire, Lancashire, Hampshire and Somerset line up in what promises to be the most exciting T20 Blast Finals day ever.
Young footballers in the country say seeing their new heroes on a big stage has been a game-changer.
Norway failed to reach the European Championship knockout stages for the second tournament in succession after being beaten by Austria,.
France are through to the Euro 2022 knockouts with a game to spare, so are they now united in pursuit of a first major women's tournament title?
A profile of the former chancellor, who has launched a bid to be the next prime minister.
A profile of the former defence secretary now gunning for the top job, and her policies for government.
A profile of Liz Truss, who is bidding to be the next Tory leader and prime minister.
Profile of the former equalities campaigner, who has been the surprise package of the Tory leadership race.
A profile of the former soldier now bidding to be Conservative leader and prime minister.
Five Tory MPs remain in the contest to become the next party leader and prime minister - but who are they?
A heatwave is sweeping across Europe and scorching temperatures are expected in the UK next week.
Know the signs and what to do if someone is unwell in hot weather.
Network Rail says people should only travel if necessary, and services could be delayed or cancelled
The Met Office says heatwaves are now far more likely to occur than they were in the 18th century.
Residents and visitors flee towns and villages in France, Spain and Greece as high winds fan fires.
Scorching temperatures and drought feed fires in the north of the country.
An amber extreme heat warning begins in England ahead of Monday and Tuesday's red alert.
A firefighting pilot dies in Portugal and a big fire spreads near Spain's Costa del Sol.
Greek officials are treating the Antonov-12 plane's cargo as potentially dangerous, reports say.
Wales' Grand Slam winning captain Ryan Jones has revealed he has been diagnosed with early onset dementia.
The child dies despite his family flagging down an ambulance while driving to a hospital, police say.
It was taken last month by photographer Chris Jackson at Raymill, the duchess's home in Wiltshire.
Drivers in the crisis-hit nation tell of their mammoth waits amid a worsening fuel emergency.
A photograph of Joe Biden and Mohammed bin Salman fist-bumping has gone viral - will their meeting be remembered for more?
Tax policy has become a major dividing line between the candidates to become new prime minister.
Russia says the famous space rocket and satellite factory was used to produce parts for missiles.
Edinburgh Airport says some passengers have been abusing staff about their missing luggage.
Russian missiles kill three people in Dnipro, and Joe Biden wants Saudi Arabia to open the oil taps.
Cameron Wood says he was left feeling travel sick and unsafe during two trips on trains in Wales.
The Sunday papers feature coverage of the Tory leadership contest and this week's extreme weather.
The Met Office has issued a red weather alert for extreme heat while temperatures could reach new highs.
Since getting divorced in her 60s, Jenny Hibbert has taken her camera to the Arctic and Mongolia.
The love story behind the invention of the Pap smear test.
Only three people survived, including the captain and his nephew, when a Galician fishing boat sank.
A lorry driver says his TikTok videos has prompted lots of viewers to start training to do the job.
A cap and gown, photos and extra tickets can cost £145, before factoring in hotels and travel.
For those on the front line of Russia's war in Ukraine, the personal toll is unbearable.
Selamawit Teklay fled conflict in Ethiopia, but advises others not to risk crossing the English Channel.
The TV debate between rivals for the Tory leadership is showing up divisions, the BBC's Nick Eardley explains.
Airbus and Boeing go head to head for deals as sustainability takes centre stage, while defence firms focus on the Ukraine effect.
Rory McIlroy and Viktor Hovland take a four-shot lead into the final round of the 150th Open Championship after a scintillating duel over the Old Course.
Scotland surrender a 15-point lead as Argentina fight back to seal a series-clinching win in Santiago del Estero.
Dina Asher Smith wins her 100m heat at the World Championships in 10.84 seconds - the second-fastest time of her career - as British team-mate Daryll Neita also progresses in a season's best 10.95 seconds.
Watch Rory McIlroy eagle the 10th hole with a "glorious" chip out of the bunker to move him to the top of The Open leaderboard at St Andrews.
Hampshire beat Lancashire by one run after a final-ball no-ball to win theT20 Blast for the third time.
Ethiopia's Letesenbet Gidey holds on to win gold in the women's 10,000m at the World Championships in Oregon.
Eight-time European champions Germany end their Euro 2022 Group B campaign in style with a dominant win over Finland at Stadium MK.
Spain set up a quarter-final with England in the European Women's Championship as a late victory over Denmark is enough to see them progress from the group stage.
The Met Office has issued a red warning in England, with amber warnings in Scotland and Wales.
The Ukrainian president says there have been cases of treason in the two powerful agencies.
Liz Truss clashes with Rishi Sunak over tax, with trans issues and Brexit among other flashpoints.
The exchanges between five remaining Tory leadership hopefuls were a chance for renewal and combat.
Two patients in the West African nation have died recently of the Ebola-like virus, officials say.
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez marry in Las Vegas, 17 years after ending their first engagement.
The GMB union says workers need protection as a red warning for extreme heat in parts of England begins.
Wildfires force France to evacuate some 14,000 people, as Spain, Croatia and Greece are also hit.
The UK wants to send migrants who arrive in small boats to Rwanda, but none has been sent yet.
The former rugby league player is named in Italian media as the Briton found dead in Florence on Saturday.
The High Street giant becomes the latest food retailer to take action to stop food being binned at home.
Officers showed a lack of leadership and urgency in their response to the shooting, a report finds.
The mother of a three-year-old who died after a collision on a farm says he "brought so much light".
This week's forecast of extremely hot weather features on a number of today's newspaper front pages.
British-Egyptian activist Alaa Abdel Fattah has been on hunger strike in an Egyptian jail for more than 100 days.
"It was like chalk and cheese," says Harrison McDonald, on starting his day with a chemistry exam and ending at a Paris gig.
Tax cuts could be misguided and might boost inflation by strengthening spending, a top IMF official says.
Sophie Raworth ends the programme saying she never expected to cover such "extraordinary times".
The average cost of a full-time nursery place for a two-year-old is just under £14,000.
Since getting divorced in her 60s, Jenny Hibbert has taken her camera to the Arctic and Mongolia.
A Ukrainian foster family who were separated when Russia invaded spent months trying to reunite.
Several big-ticket films in 2022 have failed at the box office, leaving producers confused.
Rising interest rates are making debt repayment costlier, putting Asian emerging markets at risk of default.
Wavinya Ndeti says some voters "see women as the weaker sex", as she campaigns to become a governor.
A husband feels able to support his wife through the menopause, now he has learned more about it.
Cameron Smith stuns St Andrews by snatching the 150th Open by one stroke from Cameron Young, as overnight leader Rory McIlroy finishes third.
Rishabh Pant and Hardik Pandya carry India to a five-wicket victory over England in the deciding one-day international at Old Trafford.
Great Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson is in seventh place after three events as she tries to retain her heptathlon world title in Oregon.
Cameron Smith does not rule out joining the controversial Saudi-funded LIV Golf series after winning his first Open title.
Cameron Smith completes a 'flawless round of golf' to overhaul overnight leader Rory McIlroy and win the 150th Open Championship at St Andrews.
Rishabh Pant smashes David Willey for five fours in a row as India beat England by five wickets.
BBC weather forecaster Ben Rich explains what is driving the ferocious heat across many parts of Europe.
Wildfires have been burning from Alaska to Greece this month - are they becoming more common?
Which nations are likely to join England in the quarter-finals of Euro 2022?
Listening to ABBA, basketball competitions, watching Love Island and a 'Diary Room' - inside England's Euro 2022 camp.
The Netherlands set up an enticing Euros 2022 quarter-final with France as the defending champions beat Switzerland to finish second in Group C.
Ruthless Sweden score three times in the first half to march into the quarter-finals of Euro 2022 and end Portugal's interest in the tournament.
Extreme heat warnings are in force as health and transport systems struggle to cope with rising temperatures.
Exclusive BBC analysis shows that millions of people live in heat hotspots, and deprived areas are those most affected.
Penny Mordaunt holds on to second spot in the leadership contest, with Liz Truss still in third place.
Several countries are likely to see their hottest ever days as the heatwave moves north.
NHS staff, teachers, police and the armed forces are to find out details of this year's wage rise.
Recommendations being put to ministers aim to give couples more choice about where to get married.
The government will deliver "sound public finances", the new chancellor will say in a speech.
MPs ask the government to appoint a touring Tsar to remove the "mountain of red tape" facing bands.
Elisjsha Dicken, 22, gestured to other shoppers to flee "as he engaged and closed in on the suspect", say police.
The channel was forced to close in March over its coverage of the war in Ukraine.
Slimming attempts have shot up and not just among those who are overweight, a study in England suggests.
Defence giant Raytheon plans a centre of excellence in high-energy laser weapons in Livingston.
Sir David Attenborough is among the familiar faces who will be seen among the new-look BBC Rewind.
The extreme heat gripping Britain and the latest from the race to replace Boris Johnson lead the papers
From Singapore, to Seoul, to Sydney - how the cost of living affects lunch hour.
At the UN, Prince Harry laments the "rolling back of constitutional rights" in his adopted home.
The Swedish-born artist famous for making giant works of everyday objects dies in New York City.
BBC Weather's Matt Taylor takes a look at the scale of the heatwave, with over 40C possible on Tuesday.
Images from around the country on the day temperatures are forecast to reach record levels.
Campaigners are calling on the government to reverse plans to withdraw funding for qualifications such as BTecs.
The bisons' grazing will clear spaces for other plants and animals to thrive in the woods at Blean.
UK security services described Christine Lee as an “agent of influence” working for the Chinese Communist Party.
What can we expect as MPs go into a fourth round of voting for a new party leader and prime minister?
While 27 states still allow for the death penalty, the number of executions in the US has fallen.
Two people in Ghana have died from the infectious Marburg virus, raising fears of a mass outbreak..
Iran's parliament is considering a bill that would severely restrict ownership of domestic animals.
A new eight-part BBC Sounds podcast charts the highs and lows of Scotland's biggest music festival.
Electric and hybrid aircraft are under development which could cut the need for jet fuel.
A brilliant century from Tammy Beaumont helps England to a dominant 109-run win in the third one-day international against South Africa.
England's Ben Stokes will retire from one-day international cricket after Tuesday's series opener against South Africa in Durham.
Poland's Adrianna Sulek displays her unique javelin run-up during the heptathlon at the World Athletics Championships.
England batter Tammy Beaumont puts on a "dominant display" hitting three fours in an over against South Africa before bringing up her century in the third ODI in Leicester.
France forward Melvine Malard coolly puts her side 1-0 up against Iceland in the first minute of their Euro 2022 Group D match at the New York Stadium.
With temperatures rising, how can you stop your home overheating?
What impact do high temperatures have on our bodies?
BBC experts answer your heatwave questions.
People have been comparing the current temperatures with 1976 heatwave. What does the evidence show?
Know the signs and what to do if someone is unwell in hot weather.
From dogs and cats, to fish and lizards, we've been getting some advice on looking after your pets during the hot and sunny weather.
With temperatures set to soar this week, how can the UK keep cool and carry on?
Iceland see their Euro 2022 tournament come to an end as a draw with already-qualified France means they fail to reach the knockout stage.
Belgium reach the quarter-finals of the European Women's Championship for the first time after overcoming Italy in a tense Group D finale at the Academy Stadium.
England reached the quarter-finals of Euro 2022 in impressive style and this is why no-one will want to play them...
A record of 40.3C is set in Lincolnshire - and major incidents are declared in several areas.
The London Fire Brigade declares a major incident after a number of fires break out across the capital.
Conservative MPs will decide on the two candidates to be put to a ballot of party members.
A BBC News investigation finds scores of children are being illegally placed in unregulated homes.
A lucky ticket-holder matches seven numbers to become the biggest National Lottery winner of all time.
It is linked to a rise in exotic pet ownership and some of those bitten include teens and small children.
The government says its new strategy will make it easier for women to access tailored care.
Season four of the hit series Stranger Things may have helped to stem the exodus of Netflix customers.
The government unveils pay deals for public sector workers as inflation eats into salaries.
Acting President Ranil Wickremesinghe is the frontrunner - but deeply unpopular with the public.
Washington says Russia plans to use the Crimean "playbook" to take over more Ukrainian territory.
The Bank could raise rates by 0.5% at its next meeting in August, its boss Andrew Bailey said.
The band will perform at the opening ceremony in their hometown of Birmingham later this month
Record temperatures in the UK and the narrowing race to be the next Tory leader lead the papers
They are raising funds to repair their block, which was one of the first civilian targets hit by a Russian rocket.
Blind massage therapists say the lockdown and lack of government support are making life difficult.
Morten Toft Tech, founder of Meatless Farm, which makes plant-based meat alternative food, shares his business advice.
The 25-year-old recently won BBC Three's Glow Up show with a series of bold and striking designs.
Heatwaves, wildfires, floods and droughts highlight how extreme weather is linked to climate change.
Votes are fluid and it's all to play for in the battle to pick who could end up leading party and country.
The dominance of the world's biggest streaming platform could be starting to weaken.
Three Tory MPs remain in the contest to become the next party leader and prime minister - but who are they?
Firms are getting more vocal on social issues but why now and what do customers and employees want?
Singer Rebecca Lucy Taylor says she's surprised her anthems of self-empowerment are seen as radical.
Why have working-class Londoners largely failed to benefit from the legacy of the 2012 Olympics?
How Sri Lankans view India might be changing as the country grapples with political and economic chaos.
Cricket is dealt two serious warnings about its future during Tuesday's sweltering one-day international between England and South Africa.
Barcelona sign Poland striker Robert Lewandowski from Bayern Munich on a four-year contract worth 50m euros (£42.6m).
England are preparing for their biggest test of Euro 2022 so far when they take on Spain in Wednesday's quarter-final.
Defending champion Dina Asher-Smith reaches the 200m final at the World Athletics Championships, finishing second in her semi-final with a season's-best time of 21.96.
Rugby Union Weekly's Chris Jones and Ugo Monye pick their starting XV from the summer Tests.
Ben Stokes falls lbw to Aiden Markram for just five in his final ODI appearance for England, in front of his home crowd at Chester-le-Street, Durham.
Mother-of-one Niamh Toner tells BBC News how she is coping with the rising cost of living.
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at its highest rate for 40 years.
With filling up an average car now costing £100, are drivers doing the right things to save money?
Car enthusiasts are used to spending on their motors, but the petrol costs could price some out.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
The quarter-finals of Euro 2022 start on Wednesday when England take on Spain, but who poses the biggest challenge to England's campaign for the trophy?
Which nations have joined England in the quarter-finals of Euro 2022?
We asked you to send in your experiences of the tournament - and here's some of the memorable moments from fans.
The leadership contenders will take part in hustings and debates in a bid to get grassroots support.
A patient on the trial says his life now feels "completely normal", having grown up fearing getting hurt.
England are through to the semi-finals of the European Women's Championship after coming from behind in dramatic fashion to beat pre-tournament favourites Spain in extra time.
But he stops short of formally declaring a climate emergency, despite pressure from fellow Democrats.
A new report from Ofcom has shown young people are turning away from more traditional news outlets.
Baidu says its latest robo-taxi has the road skills of a driver with 20 years' experience.
David Venables killed his wife Brenda 40 years ago and her remains lay undiscovered for decades.
Its approach was ineffective and possibly counter-productive, a government-commissioned report finds.
The deal comes as the value of the cryptocurrency has plunged.
The funeral of Donald Trump's first wife brings the family together for a rare public reunion.
Most fatalities in the attack near the two countries' border were Iraqi tourists and some were children.
The PSNI and air accident investigators are both investigating the crash at Newtownards Airport.
Most of the Ofcom complaints are about alleged misogynistic behaviour by some of the male islanders.
Liz Truss's position as the favourite in the Tory leadership race and expectations of a fractious campaign lead the papers
Fardhosa is just 13 years old but has lived through three droughts in her life and never had a proper meal.
How have homeless people fared amid the soaring heat and what is being done to support them?
Normal People star Daisy Edgar-Jones is making her Hollywood debut in Where the Crawdads Sing.
Twelve states in Nigeria's north have Islamic courts that view blasphemy as an offence punishable by death.
Moscow has in effect weaponised gas exports, so Germany is having to restart old coal-fired power stations.
US companies are accused of having used a pesticide in Latin America even though its health risks were known.
As people have to wait years to get a council allotment, private firms are offering an alternative.
Paraorchestra say headlining Bluedot festival will be a defining moment for disabled musicians.
The prime minister signs off with typically colourful quips, as MPs heckle and praise the outgoing PM.
England's quarter-final victory over Spain at Euro 2022 has all the classic ingredients of tournament football.
The government has given the go-ahead for a new £20bn nuclear power plant in Sizewell in Suffolk.
Henrik Stenson joins the LIV Golf series following his removal as Europe's Ryder Cup captain.
England book their place in the semi-finals of Euro 2022 thanks to Georgia Stanway's superb extra-time winner against Spain at Brighton's Amex Stadium.
Manchester United target Frenkie de Jong prefers Chelsea or Bayern move, Jules Kounde set for Chelsea switch, Forest eye Emmanuel Dennis, duo in for Dwight McNeil, plus more.
Watch as Great Britain's Daniel Rowden and Kyle Langford both qualify for the men's 800m semi-final at the World Athletics Championships in Oregon.
Tadej Pogacar edges out Jonas Vingegaard to win stage 17 of the Tour de France but the Dane retains a handsome overall lead.
Triple Olympic champion Adam Peaty is set to return from a broken foot at next week's Commonwealth Games.
Uefa reports 290 cases of online abuse to social media companies, with England among the teams most targeted.
Georgia Stanway puts England ahead against Spain with a screamer in their Euro 2022 quarter-final at Brighton's Amex Stadium.
England captain Leah Williamson says she never thought they were going to lose to Spain despite needing an 84th-minute equaliser and extra-time winner to reach the Euro 2022 semi-finals.
Are England set for Euro 2022 glory? Who might stop them? And who will finish as top scorer? BBC Sport picks out five things to look out for as the knockout stages begin.
Germany captain Alexandra Popp insists her side will not "underestimate" Austria in their Euro 2022 quarter-final at Brentford Community Stadium.
Norway women's head coach Martin Sjogren and assistant Anders Jacobson resign after their team fail to make the Euro 2022 knockout stages.
With England beating Spain to reach the Euro 2022 semi-finals, who poses the biggest challenge to England's campaign for the trophy?
The BBC sees evidence of people taking out loans and turning to crowdfunding to pay bills of up to £15,000.
A Ukrainian steel boss accuses Russia of stealing metal that had been meant for Europe.
A "common sense" approach to UK visa policy is needed to fill vacancies, says Michael O'Leary.
The Duchess of Cambridge captured her son's smiling image on camera earlier this month.
Turkey says a deal has been reached with Russia to let Ukraine ship grain through the Black Sea.
Education unions say a proposed 5% pay rise would put pressure on budgets and worsen staff shortages.
The Games' federation says human rights and inclusiveness are ingrained in its constitution.
The investigation into whether he broke Covid rules was a daily burden, the Labour leader says.
Thomas Lane is sentenced to two-and-a-half years for violating the civil rights of George Floyd.
Jake Wightman could be the "most successful British middle distance runner we ever had", says former Olympic 1500m champion Lord Coe.
Bobby Brazier, the son of late reality-TV star Jade Goody, is filming EastEnders scenes for the autumn.
News the BBC will pay damages to a former royal nanny and disagreements over tax in the Tory leadership race lead the papers
More than 100,000 fans are gathering in San Diego for Comic-Con.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The author and Pointless star says he is working on a new Da Vinci Code-style crime caper.
A series of wildfires across the Europe has caused alarm - how do they compare with previous years?
Five-year-old twins who were blinded by a missile attack update us on life in Poland after surgery.
One of the few doctors serving 1.3 million people may have to leave because he would lose his salary.
Rising costs and a spike in demand after lockdown are putting pressure on support services.
Bailey Sarian dabbled in YouTube for years before a chance idea led to a new profession.
Burning peat has long been a way of adding flavour to whisky but some are now rejected that process.
The two contenders promise tax cuts but have given little detail about how to pay for them.
Katherine Brunt and Sophia Dunkley star as England win the first Twenty20 international against South Africa to wrap up the multi-format series.
Jonas Vingegaard extends Tour de France lead to more than three minutes with victory in the final mountain stage.
Opener Sophia Dunkley shines with 59 from 39 balls as England easily chase 112 to beat South Africa in the first T20 international at Chelmsford.
Watch highlights as Lina Magull and Alexandra Popp strike to book Germany's spot in the Euro 2022 semi-finals, after beating Austria 2-0 at Brentford's Community Stadium.
Man City's £30m Marc Cucurella bid rejected by Brighton, Barcelona make last-ditch attempt to sign Jules Kounde, Man Utd and Chelsea compete for Benjamin Pavard, plus more.
Senegal's Sadio Mane is crowned African Footballer of the Year for the second time running at a glittering awards ceremony in Morocco.
Germany booked their place in the semi-finals of the European Women's Championship with a narrow victory over Austria at Brentford's Community Stadium.
Leigh was not an obvious venue choice for Euro 2022, but the Greater Manchester town has pulled out all the stops to play its part in this summer's European Women's Championship success.
England fans say Euro 2022 has seen crowds and interest in matches reach previously unseen heights.
A peak television audience of 7.6 million watched England's dramatic extra-time win against Spain in the Euro 2022 quarter-final on BBC One.
The agreement will allow millions of tonnes of grain, trapped in Ukraine by the war, to be exported.
A French MP has blamed Brexit as travellers using the Port of Dover face hours of queues.
Pilots, flight attendants and a baggage handler tell us what is happening where they work.
Some cities in Zhejiang province have been issued red alerts, the country's highest warning.
An unofficial adviser to Donald Trump, Mr Bannon refused to co-operate with the 6 January committee.
Russia threatened to respond after Lithuania announced a ban under EU sanctions last month.
The 79-year-old president still has only mild symptoms, his White House physician says.
Sebastian Kalinowski, 15, endured months of torture and abuse before his death in August 2021.
The RMT union says walkouts across the network will happen after talks failed to find a breakthrough.
Unison says action over pay next week could hit students' results, but AQA insists it won't.
HMS Portland shadowed the submarines after they surfaced separately off the coast of Norway.
A UK journalist and local expert were killed in the Amazon jungle while probing illegal fishing.
Travel getaway chaos and the Conservative leadership contest dominate Saturday's front pages.
With dog ownership growing during lockdown, many owners are reporting a shortage of space in kennels.
"I wanted to capture the excitement of coming out of Covid - but also how it has left its mark on us."
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
"I just want to say now, I have no new music," says the star as he headlines the Latitude Festival.
Using epoxy resin to make art has exploded as an online trend, but experts are urging caution about its use.
As puffin breeding season draws to a close, Drew Buckley shares his photos of the birds.
Jamal Edwards planned the singer's new music video but died aged 31 before they were able to film it.
The Great British Bake Off stage show opens, but will it replicate the TV hit's recipe for success?
Chris Pine explains film "easter eggs" to Dungeons and Dragons co-star Hugh Grant
Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak are very different characters, with very different campaigning styles.
Turkey says a deal has been reached to let grain be shipped from Ukraine's Black Sea ports.
Actor Tom Bateman recalls how he overcame his claustrophobia in Ron Howard's film Thirteen Lives.
A conspiracy theory about aircraft vapour trails takes hold on clear summer mornings.
The shooter was said to have targeted Shinzo Abe for allegedly having ties to a controversial group.
Throughout the eight hearings, members have sought a window into Donald Trump's state of mind.
The foreign secretary says the economy has been hobbled for 20 years - and the Tory membership seems to agree.
Russia's advance in eastern Ukraine subjects farms to random rocket strikes, Andrew Harding reports.
Cameras installed by Agnieszka Kalinowska and Andrzej Latoszewski became their 'ultimate downfall'.
From physical threats to patronising comments, attitudes towards disabled people are revealed.
After this week's record-breaking temperatures bosses hope the technology will mean cooler commutes.
Kim Williams says the financial strain of going into debt for surgery has caused her a lot of guilt.
Bailey Sarian dabbled in YouTube for years before a chance idea led to a new profession.
What was once a brownfield site is now a tranquil landscape of wetland, woodland and wildflower meadows.
Teenagers say they want education that reflects how climate change will affect all parts of life.
A thrilling bowling performance helps England level the one-day international series against South Africa with an emphatic 118-run win in a rain-affected game at Emirates Old Trafford.
Sweden left it late to beat Belgium and will need an "extremely good plan" against England in the Euro 2022 semi-finals, says boss Peter Gerhardsson.
Arsenal complete the signing of versatile Ukraine international Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City.
Ferrari's Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc are wary of the pace of Red Bull despite finishing Friday practice on top at the French Grand Prix.
Jos Butler makes a stunning diving run-out to dismiss Aiden Makram in the second one-day international against South Africa.
Another 6,500 cars are expected at the port on Sunday, following two days of gridlock.
The Tory leadership candidates' pledges include extending the Rwanda plan and capping refugee numbers.
A landmark grain deal is in doubt after missiles hit the port of Odesa in a widely condemned attack.
The model reveals how an uncomfortable experience early in her career helped sharpen her instincts.
The language in family courts is also too hostile and often makes things worse, a top judge says.
The president and other top politicians have received domestically produced vaccines, say officials.
Thousands of homes are under threat as firefighters battle fast spreading blaze in sweltering heatwave.
BRZRKR becomes the first comic book to feature in Comic-Con's prestigious Hall H.
A new law would give parents with babies in neonatal units up to an extra 12 weeks of paid leave.
More than 16,000 cases have been reported from 75 countries, the organisation says.
You, Me and The Big C and Dear Daughter are among the winners at this year's British Podcast Awards.
The local fire service says the blaze, which spanned eight hectares, has now been extinguished.
The papers lead on Boris Johnson defending his legacy and some NHS staff struggling to make ends meet.
The recent heatwave has parched grass lying over a formal garden, which dates back to 1699.
People who claim to be silenced never seem to go away, the comedian observes at the Latitude Festival.
The series is set 200 years before Game of Thrones - but the dragons, death and feuds are all there.
Volunteer builders carried out a home extension for a man with a debilitating neurological condition.
Wisdom Oviawe, 22, has been offering his services to homeless people in Nottingham city centre.
Pooches are riding the waves onto Branksome Dene Chine beach, hoping to take the title of top dog.
The giant Lovell radio telescope at Jodrell Bank is transformed into a space-themed light and sound show.
Nicholas Bostic saved five people from the home, and was hailed as a hero by the police chief.
As puffin breeding season draws to a close, Drew Buckley shares his photos of the birds.
Millions of us are still determined to have a summer getaway but keeping an eye on spending.
Cases of monkeypox are being investigated in several countries, including the UK.
Pope Francis will meet with indigenous communities to apologise for the church's role in residential schools.
Tips about how to engage with people who think climate change is a "hoax".
After an absence of six years, indie hero Jamie T is back with a new album, and plenty to say.
Actor Tom Bateman recalls how he overcame his claustrophobia in Ron Howard's film Thirteen Lives.
"I just want to say now, I have no new music," says the star as he headlines the Latitude Festival.
As inflation bites, music lovers share money-saving tips, while one trader fears making a loss.
England overcame an improved performance from South Africa to comfortably win the second Twenty20 by six wickets at Worcester.
Watch highlights as France make it through to their first European Championship semi-final thanks to Eve Perisset's extra-time penalty against the Netherlands.
Danni Wyatt, Sophia Dunkley and Natalie Sciver dominated with the bat as England beat South Africa by six wickets in the second T20 international at Worcester.
Paddy Pimblett earns a superb second-round submission over Jordan Leavitt in the second round of their lightweight bout at UFC London.
Wout van Aert wins the stage 20 time trial as team-mate Jonas Vingegaard all but seals Tour de France victory on the penultimate day.
Reigning champion Nia Ali crashes out of 100m hurdles heats at the World Championships in Eugene.
France "are here to build history" after beating the Netherlands in extra time to reach the Euro 2022 semi-finals, says boss Corinne Diacre.
Ella Toone says England want to keep making the fans proud with victory in their Euro 2022 semi-final.
Soldiers in the Myanmar military have admitted to killing, torturing and raping civilians.
The large number of unfilled NHS job vacancies is posing a serious risk to patient safety, MPs say.
The broadcast battle is vital for both candidates, says the BBC's political editor Chris Mason.
"Rebooting" the UK's "brittle" economy would be Labour's main focus, its leader will say.
Police say the suspected shooter later turned the gun on himself at the popular campsite in Iowa.
Trafficking charity Unseen says some callers said Sir Mo's story had inspired them to reach out.
Its foreign minister, who is in Egypt, says the West is distorting the truth as the Ukraine war rages.
Waiting times at the Eurotunnel terminal are "falling steadily", the AA says after three days of delays.
An NHS-recommended app says Google will not permit it to send text message alerts about glucose levels.
New rules will force shops to keep doors shut when air conditioning is on and limit use of neon signs.
Firefighters have been called to a number of grassland fires in Surrey, London and East Anglia.
Hundreds of people wore pink and ran around the London park in memory of Sarah Harding.
Denmark's Jonas Vingegaard secures his first Tour de France victory as Jasper Philipsen of Belgium sprints to victory on the final stage in Paris.
Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss trade blows over China, while a report lays bare the crisis in NHS staffing.
BBC Africa Eye has tracked down the ultra-violent bandit warlords who are raiding villages and abducting schoolchildren across north-western Nigeria.
One of the 12 boys talks about his life following the dramatic rescue that made headlines in 2018.
Dan Nguyen's cats have ridden Venice's gondolas and climbed trees in New York's Central Park.
Blazes have broke out across the country, leaving charred ruins and forcing thousands to evacuate.
The studio announced a bumper crop of superhero films at Comic-Con - including Wakanda Forever.
The incident follows a spate of action where environmental activists have targeted famous artworks.
It's one of the greatest mysteries in the animal kingdom - how do sea turtles navigate?
Thousands of military and civilian drones are being used by both sides in the Russia-Ukraine war.
Grace Victory says being in a coma due to Covid, just after giving birth, has changed her outlook.
Claims about health concerns and legal rights are intensifying the strength of feeling.
Experts say that climate change could lengthen hay fever season and increase pollen potency.
Fewer than half of English clubs have both their home and away kits on sale ahead of the new season.
How Brazil, the world's largest grower of coffee, is turning to technology to boost production.
Many young people received long jail terms after participating in last year's anti-government protests.
Pope Francis will meet with indigenous communities to apologise for the church's role in residential schools.
Nigeria's Tobi Amusan sets a new 100m hurdles world record in a set of semi-finals featuring an extraordinary set of times.
Watch as Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson wins silver after finishing just 0.08 seconds behind the USA's Athing Mu with a time of 1minute and 56.38 seconds.
Watch as Nigeria's Tobi Amusan smashes the women's 100m hurdles world record with a time of 12.12 seconds beating USA's Kendra Harrison's time of 12.20 from London 2016.
Michael van Gerwen makes a stunning comeback to beat Wales' Gerwyn Price 18-14 and win his third World Matchplay title at Blackpool's Winter Gardens.
Darren Clarke clinches victory in the Senior Open for the first time with a one-shot win over fellow Irish player Padraig Harrington at Gleneagles.
Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc describes his own performance as "just not good enough" after spinning out while leading the French Grand Prix.
The final two candidates for prime minister have some fundamental decisions to make over the economy.
Boris Johnson's successor will be either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak - find out what they plan to do if they win.
A profile of Liz Truss, who is bidding to be the next Tory leader and prime minister.
Hosts England are into the semi-finals of the Euros, but who should start for Sarina Wiegman's team against Sweden? Select your preferred England XI.
Former England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley reflects on the team's past semi-final defeats as they prepare to take on Sweden.
Lucy Bronze was at the peak of her career in 2019 so when England lost to the USA in the World Cup semi-final it hit her hard.
The economy dominated as Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss took part in their first head-to-head TV debate.
Lord Trimble led the Ulster Unionist Party for 10 years and won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1998.
UK experts believe they can now explain the recent spate of mysterious liver problems in young children.
Ukraine expresses its gratitude amid promises the show will celebrate the winning country.
The 12-year-old has been in hospital since being found unconscious at home in April.
The executions mark the first cases of capital punishment in the country in decades.
The Tony-nominated character actor was best known for his portrayals of policemen and gangsters.
The Labour leader hits out at "Tory stagnation" as he pledges to restore "strong, secure and fair" growth.
Pope Francis apologies to the church-run residential school survivors on Canadian soil.
The review concludes that the governance and leadership of the sport was institutionally racist.
Pope Francis "begs forgiveness" for the Catholic Church's role in abuse against indigenous peoples.
Gazprom announces another drastic cut in supplies as the EU tries to replenish stores for winter.
Only 20% of services will run and some places will have no trains on Wednesday, Network Rail says.
The hottest UK days on record led to extreme constraints in the power system amid hiked up demand.
The main talking points as the final two candidates hoping to be PM go head-to-head in a TV debate.
Missed the debate or need a recap? Watch the two candidates to replace Boris Johnson go head-to head.
After the BBC's debate between the two candidates to become Tory leader - and PM - what did the audience make of it?
Reality Check investigates some of the claims made in the BBC Tory leadership candidates' debate.
A profile of the former chancellor, who is bidding to be the next prime minister.
A profile of Liz Truss, who is bidding to be the next Tory leader and prime minister.
The final two candidates for prime minister have some fundamental decisions to make over the economy.
Here's what you need to know about Monday's head-to-head debate between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss.
Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss will face off in Stoke-on-Trent, a city where many do not know the MPs.
The first debate between Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss, and concerns about its impact on the Tory brand, lead the papers
This July, the largest salt water lake in the Western Hemisphere reached its lowest level ever recorded.
One mother speaks about giving birth in "nightmare" circumstances during the pandemic.
Fans have been given an exclusive glimpse of footage from a host of new blockbusters.
Access to the internet has transformed the lives of millions in India.
Thousands of people have had to evacuate the Oak Fire in California that has been spreading since Friday.
Events at the inaugural championships included hugging as many trees in one minute.
The dramatic image of the man spilling his drink and food is proving popular on social media.
The story which follows a quest by Dream is one the most popular graphic novels of all time
The singer was at last year's festival when she learned her boyfriend was cheating on her - but it inspired her
The Tempest fighter jet will have artificial intelligence tech to monitor and help the pilot.
Thousands of train drivers and rail workers will go on strike in July and August.
Staff who have quit the NHS say pay, pressure and conditions contributed to their decision.
Kenya's President Kenyatta is backing his deputy's rival to win the 9 August presidential election.
Disagreement has broken out between French and British authorities about who is to blame for Dover delays.
Weeks before Myanmar executed four democracy activists, the BBC spoke to their family and friends.
Social media posts are debating abortion health concerns and legal rights.
England will attempt to reach the European Women's Championship final for a third time when they face 1984 winners Sweden on Tuesday.
Sophie Ecclestone stars with bat and ball as England complete a series clean sweep with a comprehensive 38-run victory against South Africa in the third Twenty20 at Derby.
Sophie Ecclestone hits 26 off the final over in the T20 international between England and South Africa the most by an English woman in international cricket.
Laura Kenny is experiencing deja vu as she prepares for the Commonwealth Games, which start this week.
England manager Sarina Wiegman says the "mentality has been really good" from her players as they prepare for a fourth successive major tournament semi-final on Tuesday.
Maia Bouchier is both caught and run out in the same delivery in the T20 international between England and South Africa at Derby.
Watch as Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson wins silver after finishing just 0.08 seconds behind the USA's Athing Mu with a time of one minute 56.38 seconds.
Striker Alessia Russo used to be made to play in goal by her brothers but with her vital goals from the bench she has emerged as one of England's Euro 2022 stars.
Here is what to look out for in the two Euro 2022 semi-finals as hosts England play Sweden and Germany face France.
England reach their first major women's tournament final since 2009 in stunning fashion as they put four past Olympic finalists Sweden at Euro 2022 in Sheffield.
The presenter reveals for the first time that he was the victim of abuse at a Scottish private school.
The Sun and TalkTV programme comes off air after the presenter collapses in the studio.
Documents disclosed in court hearings on Tuesday reveal deep concerns over previous investigations.
Three people are arrested in connection with the death of 22-year-old Jack Fenton, from Kent.
Jim Fitton, jailed for 15 years in Iraq for alleged smuggling, will "soon be free", his lawyer says.
Tala Safwan, who has millions of followers, denies that her clip had lesbian undertones.
Postal delays meant Kevin Godin-Prior missed a notice to prosecute and he was convicted in his absence.
People are urged to use water wisely following a meeting of drought experts.
The IMF cuts its UK forecast for 2023 and says the global economy is "teetering on the edge" of recession.
Bishop Lamor Whitehead has defended his ostentatious lifestyle after the viral Brooklyn robbery.
One of the researchers said he hoped the studies would correct the false theory that it came from a lab.
Moscow says it now wants to build its own station, ending more than 20 years of cooperation with the US.
A pledge by Rishi Sunak to scrap VAT on energy bills and England's win in the Euros semi-final lead the papers
People across the country have been celebrating as England beat Sweden 4-0 in the Euro 2022 semi-final.
In one of the poorest slums in Argentina, hundreds of families rely on a huge landfill site to feed their children.
Vineeta Singh, boss of Indian firm SUGAR Cosmetics, shares her business advice.
The shortlist includes Harry Styles, Sam Fender, Little Simz, Wet Leg, Self Esteem and Nova Twins.
With the 'de-printer' specially coated sheets of paper can be used 10 times over.
The young female marine mammal has been spotted clambering onto boats to doze in the summer sun.
The Peljesac bridge links southern Croatia to the rest of the country and is being hailed as historic.
Thousands of train drivers and rail workers will go on strike in July and August.
Russia has slashed the amount of gas it supplies to Europe through the Nord Stream 1 pipeline
Small groups of guerrillas, led by soldiers from the former Afghan army, have been taking on the Taliban.
Inland ports along the Great Lakes are helping to fill the gap in supply-chain disruption.
A BBC News investigation uncovers widespread abuse of disabled children and adults in institutions.
A recent spate of tavern shootings in South Africa has brought into focus how unsafe some places are.
The BBC hears from some of those involved in a fatal crash caused by a lorry driver using his phone.
Many countries are heavily dependent on Russian energy and will need to find new suppliers.
Watch highlights as England reach the final of Euro 2022 by thrashing Sweden 4-0 at Bramall Lane.
Ten years on from London 2012, Desiree Henry recalls the clandestine operation behind a spectacular opening ceremony.
BBC Sport highlights the key athletes to watch at the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games from across the home nations.
Watch Beth Mead's "flawless" finish as she opens the scoring for England against Sweden in their Euro 2022 semi-final at Bramall Lane.
West Ham sign £30.5m Italian striker Gianluca Scamacca from Sassuolo on a five-year-deal.
Watch defender Lucy Bronze double England's lead against Sweden in their Euro 2022 semi-final at Bramall Lane.
De Jong would move to Chelsea but not Man Utd, Atletico Madrid deny interest in Ronaldo, Newcastle Utd keen on Werner, plus more.
England's 4-0 demolition of Sweden wipes out the curse of losing three successive semi-finals to reach Sunday's final at Wembley.
It was both audacious and outrageous and on a night to remember for England's Lionesses at Bramall Lane, Alessia Russo's backheel goal sends social media into meltdown.
Watch all the angles as Alessia Russo scores a stunning backheel to put England 3-0 up against Sweden in their Euro 2022 semi-final at Bramall Lane.
Alex Scott says "everyone involved in women's football has been waiting for this" as England hammer Sweden 4-0 at Bramall Lane to reach the Euro 2022 final.
Winger Klara Buhl is ruled out of Germany's Euro 2022 semi-final against France after testing positive for Covid.
Leah Williamson's mum Amanda says watching Euros games can feel as stressful as being on the pitch.
England are preparing for a fourth successive semi-final at a women's major tournament - but this time it feels different as a sense of optimism follows Sarina Wiegman's side.
Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall discusses how his home nation Sweden could hurt England in their Euro 2022 semi-final.
Hosts England are into the semi-finals of the Euros, but who made your XI to face Sweden?
Sam Tarry defied Sir Keir Starmer by joining striking rail workers on the picket line.
Drivers at nine rail companies will walk out again next month, the union Aslef says.
Moscow is reportedly interested in trading Brittney Griner for Russian arms trafficker Viktor Bout.
Kate McCann fainted while hosting the latest Tory leadership TV debate on Tuesday evening.
The government's campaign urges women worried about their bodies to go to the beach.
Eight-time champions Germany will play England in the Euro 2022 final on Sunday after beating France in a dramatic semi-final in Milton Keynes.
The city where Covid began is under partial lockdown for the first time since the start of the pandemic.
The 170 carat "Lulo Rose" is the fifth largest diamond ever discovered in Angola's Lulo mine.
The 12-year-old's family have an extra day to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights.
The Federal Reserve is increasing interest rates for a fourth time as it tries to control inflation.
The government must avoid a "missed opportunity" for rail in the North and Midlands, MPs warn.
The Nord Stream 1 pipeline is now operating at just a fifth of its usual capacity.
Supporters of cleric Muqtada al-Sadr broke into the building after months of political deadlock.
Calls for a general strike over proposed laws targeting unions and the continued rise in the cost of energy lead the papers
Aaron's family lost everything in a California wildfire - but some things simply can't be replaced.
Footage of a jubilant fan enjoying England's victory make the future look bright.
Watch as Gabby Logan surprises young England fan Tess with tickets to watch England play in the Euro 2022 final at Wembley Stadium on Sunday.
The presenter reveals for the first time that he was the victim of abuse at a Scottish private school.
The driver of a truck which hit a shop was arrested after provoking the birds, a witness said.
The Lionesses will take on either France or Germany at Wembley Stadium on Sunday evening.
With the 'de-printer' specially coated sheets of paper can be used 10 times over.
Cherry Wilson looks into why sexually transmitted infection rates are higher in the black community.
The two contenders promise tax cuts but have given little detail about how to pay for them.
Ukrainian soldiers credit the arrival of modern Western weapons for a sharp fall in Russia's attacks.
Top football clubs have resumed pre-season Asian summer tours, after three years of Covid travel bans.
Climate change concerns have prompted a change of strategy for 295 firms.
Indian is a serious contender for medals as its players will have the home crowd's support.
Even Sarina Wiegman is surprised by how successful her tenure has been so far with England - so how much has she transformed the Euro 2022 finalists in 10 months?
The BBC visits the home of presidential hopeful Raila Odinga, where a dramatic deal is paying off.
Broadcasting entire trials remains off-limits but cameras will capture judges handing down sentences.
Jonny Bairstow's devastating 90 helps England beat South Africa by 41 runs in a high-scoring first Twenty20 international in Bristol.
Watch every boundary from “magnificent” Moeen Ali’s record-breaking innings against South Africa as he hits England’s fastest-ever 50 in T20 cricket.
Watch highlights as Alexandra Popp leads Germany to a 2-1 win over France to secure their place against England in the final of Euro 2022 at Wembley Stadium on Sunday.
England's Dina Asher-Smith withdraws from the Commonwealth Games with a "light hamstring strain".
England right-back Lucy Bronze says she has to "play through pain" as she prepares for Sunday's Euro 2022 final.
Manchester United complete the signing of Argentina defender Lisandro Martinez from Ajax in a deal worth up to 67m euros (£57m).
The Euro 2022 final between England and Germany at Wembley will be a "classic game", says Germany boss Martina Voss-Tecklenburg.
Steven Knight talks about masterminding the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony in his home city.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
As the 22nd Commonwealth Games begin in Birmingham, which countries make up the global club?
Olympic medals, world titles, social media millions and a hill named in their honour. Meet some of the world superstars descending on Birmingham for the Commonwealth Games.
Organisers are aiming to stage the "most sustainable" Commonwealth Games yet, so how are they doing it and what challenges do they face?
Birmingham opens its Commonwealth Games in spectacular style with a captivating and hopeful ceremony at Alexander Stadium.
It follows criticism of England's only children's gender identity clinic in an independent review.
But his team later clarifies Mr Sunak was only backing the expansion of existing grammar schools.
The young girl died from what is believed to be a stab wound in Boston, Lincolnshire Police say.
The Gorgosaurus - a "fiercer" cousin of the T-rex - is the first of its kind sold to a private buyer.
Two dancers are injured in the incident at a concert by the hugely popular boy band Mirror.
The pair also proposed a face-to-face meeting, which would be the first of Mr Biden's presidency.
British Gas owner Centrica and Shell report huge profits, as UK households face even higher energy bills.
The outcome of the High Court libel case between Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney is due on Friday.
Texas and Arizona have transported thousands of migrants north in protest over the Biden border policy.
The US economy contracted at an annual rate of 0.9% in the three months to July.
Former Arsenal and Northern Ireland captain and manager Terry Neill passes away at the age of 80.
Huge profits made by energy giants British Gas and Shell and the closure of the Tavistock clinic lead the papers
After more than 37 years on TV, here are some of the moments the soap will be remembered for most.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The actor has died at the age of 93.
Liam Garrett, 18, funded his flying career by working 900 hours in a local supermarket.
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and beyond this week.
Despite calls from some fans, there will be no extra day off work if England's women beat Germany.
The increase in tiger numbers in Nepal has brought challenges to the local community.
Will naming heatwaves help stem rising heat-related deaths and hospitalisations across the US?
Looking at the Labour leader's claims on wages, growth and family incomes.
From roller rinks to skyscrapers the addition of graphene could make concrete construction stronger.
Rampant inflation is leading to demands for higher pay offers and promises of coordinated industrial action.
Ukrainian troops are attempting to retake the southern city of Kherson as fighting continues in the east.
The versatile star of Doctor Who and the voice of the Wombles was known by generations of children.
The BBC visits the heartland of Deputy President William Ruto as he vies for the presidency.
Farmers say proposals to cut livestock by 30% and reduce intensive farming unfairly target their industry.
Rilee Rossouw hits a fine unbeaten 96 to help South Africa beat England by 58 runs in the second Twenty20 international and level the three-match series.
Watch the best bits from an entertainment-packed 2022 Commonwealth Games opening ceremony in Birmingham featuring royalty, an athlete parade, a giant bull and live music from Duran Duran.
Jonny Bairstow hits a four with an amazing shot through his own legs during the second T20 between England and South Africa in Cardiff.
Fellow multiple world champions Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso pay tribute to Sebastian Vettel after he announces his retirement.
Hurdler Devon Allen reports for duty with the NFL's Philadelphia Eagles - nine days after suffering a disappointing exit at the World Athletics Championships.
Everton sign Burnley winger Dwight McNeil on a five-year contract in a deal worth about £20m.
Fenerbahce supporters started the chant after their team conceded a goal to Ukraine's Dynamo Kyiv.
Watch diving star Tom Daley carry the Queen's baton in support of LGBT rights during the opening ceremony of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Inquiry judge recommends first ever compensation for more than 4,000 victims of scandal.
A nine-year-old girl who died from a stab wound in Boston, Lincolnshire, is named by police.
England win a landmark third successive Commonwealth team gymnastics gold as home favourite Joe Fraser battles through injury to help them to victory.
The former leadership candidate says the foreign secretary could unite the Conservative Party.
More than 50 prisoners of war were killed in a prison camp in the occupied part of Donetsk region.
Social mobility charity alarmed at education company recruiting people to write personal statements.
About 150 UK personnel took part in a four-day joint "high-readiness exercise", according to the MoD.
A judge has found a London council is liable for the deaths of five people in the Grenfell Tower fire.
But environmentalists say the government must go much further to tackle the plastic problem.
The Rugby Football League (RFL) and Rugby Football Union (RFU) ban transgender women from competing in female-only forms of their games.
About 3.2 million are thought to have the virus - a drop of more than half a million on the previous week.
The timepiece along with other Nazi items were auctioned despite condemnation from Jewish groups.
Slim odds of one in 300 million did not deter wishful Americans from snapping up tickets by the stack.
Saturday's papers report that Liz Truss is making gains in the Conservative leadership contest.
The hit Australian children's TV show Bluey has been streamed more than 100 million times in the UK.
University student Shauna Lennon from County Tyrone was involved a serious car accident last year.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
The actor has posted a five-minute video online, answering questions from fans about the altercation.
Euro 2022 has made the Lionesses household names - but some young want more diversity in the squad.
The star's seventh studio album is seen as having potential to "joyously redefine dance floors".
Almost a year on after a fire broke out on George IV Bridge in Edinburgh businesses remain shut.
Russia and Ukraine trade blame over a prison camp attack and a reprieve for a Russian teen.
Thousands of train drivers and rail workers are striking in July and August.
Funerals are being held for some of the 53 migrants who died in a van in the sweltering heat in Texas.
Rebekah Vardy has lost her High Court libel case against fellow footballer's wife Coleen Rooney.
The US speaker is aggravating China over Taiwan - but has a long history of taking on Beijing.
A boycott by seven rugby league players over a pride jersey has sparked a massive backlash.
Fashion is responsible for 10% of global emissions - buying less and renting clothes could help.
Liz Truss continues to emphasise her loyalty to the outgoing prime minister, while Rishi Sunak stands accused of stabbing him in the back
Farmers say proposals to cut livestock and reduce intensive farming unfairly target their industry.
From roller rinks to skyscrapers the addition of graphene could make concrete construction stronger.
Max Verstappen believes it would be difficult to beat Ferrari in a straight fight in the dry after Friday practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix.
Watch 14-year-old Indian squash player Anahat Singh beat Jada Ross of St Vincent and the Grenadines in her first ever match at the Commonwealth Games.
Sarina Wiegman says if England were to win Euro 2022 on Sunday, she might not realise the impact it could have until "probably 15 years later".
Vincent Kompany's reign as Burnley manager gets off to a great start with a dominant 1-0 win away at Huddersfield Town.
A quarter of the 12 managers are under pressure, and the implementation of VAR is looming large, as another compelling Scottish Premiership season kicks off this weekend.
Watch highlights as New Zealand fight back from 5-1 down to draw 5-5 with Scotland in a nail-biting hockey match on day one of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
As Manchester City and Liverpool prepare to meet in the Community Shield, BBC Sport takes a look at how the two sides are shaping up for what is expected to be another battle for the Premier League.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Watch England cruise to a brilliant win in the men's team gymnastics final on day one of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Para-cyclist Neil Fachie wins Scotland's first gold medal of the Commonwealth Games as Laura Kenny spearheads England to team pursuit bronze on the track where she made her name.
Watch Wales' Brinn Bevan score a huge 14.450 on the parallel bars during the artistic gymnastics men's team final & individual qualification on day one of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
The 10m high sculpture was a highlight of the Commonwealth Games' opening ceremony.
Watch England's Alex Yee win the first gold medal of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in dramatic style as New Zealand's Hayden Wilde is given a 10-second penalty.
Visitors to Birmingham are being encouraged to leave the car at home and use public transport.
Scottish light welterweight Reese Lynch says his family support can help him emulate world champion Josh Taylor.
England's Lionesses stand on the brink of women's football history as they take on Germany in the European Championship final at Wembley on Sunday.
Ukraine's president warns fighting will intensify as Russia tries to continue its advance in the Donbas.
Vying for No 10, it is the self-styled "transformational prime minister" versus the "education" PM.
The brutal assault on Nigerian trader Alika Ogorchukwu in broad daylight was captured on video.
The US president is not experiencing symptoms, but will isolate again after a fresh positive test.
Sian Green-Lord said the Spanish government campaign also used her photos without permission.
England win women's team gymnastics gold at the Commonwealth Games, finishing three points ahead of Australia in a tense final.
Lillia Valutyte had reportedly been playing hula hoop with her younger sister in the street.
People are being urged to take extra care to avoid causing fires in the countryside during hot weather.
Scott Neil couldn't believe how he got potentially fatal disease after a trip while walking home.
Summer signing Darwin Nunez scores late on as Liverpool beat Manchester City to win a thrilling Community Shield match.
Odds of one in 300 million did not deter wishful Americans from snapping up tickets by the stack.
North Yorkshire Police confirm three male passengers have died and the driver is seriously injured.
The Sunday Times reports that the Prince of Wales accepted money from the family of Osama bin Laden.
Love Island star turned novelist Amber Gill tells BBC Newsbeat why diversity in books is important.
A woman who adopts disabled cats wants more people to consider adopting.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Sophie Ellis-Bextor leads almost 600 dancers as they boogie their way into the record books.
University student Shauna Lennon from County Tyrone was involved a serious car accident last year.
“We won’t move!” – The first ‘forced removals’ of apartheid-era South Africa
The Galloway Hoard continues to surprise experts and new discoveries can be seen in Aberdeen.
July saw temperature records broken multiple times and rainfall is down 76%.
Elspeth Henderson had mixed feelings about her award for her work during the Battle of Britain. Why?
Opposing sides are in a close race to decide whether women in Kansas have the right to abortion.
The comedian says if she was starting out now, she would struggle to afford travel and rent.
More than 100 Ukraine refugees are being temporarily housed on the MS Victoria.
Reece was 11 when his mother was a witness in a murder investigation, which led to years of turmoil.
Many people's travel plans have been disrupted but some aren't willing to let train strikes get in their way.
Radio 1Xtra's DJ Ace says more black and Asian people need to be aware they can donate while living.
A boycott by seven rugby league players over a pride jersey has sparked a massive backlash.
The Community Shield was billed as a battle of two new strikers - and there is no doubting who came out on top.
In the space of 24 hours in Hungary this weekend, Formula 1 turned upside down.
England captain Leah Williamson says the Euro 2022 final against Germany on Sunday is the "not the end but the start of a journey".
Darwin Nunez comes off the bench to star for Liverpool as they beat Manchester City in the Community Shield at Leicester's King Power Stadium.
Watch as Cyprus boxer Rafail Pafios floors the Cook Islands' Toheriri-Hallett with a brilliant left-hook during his entertaining victory at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
England forward Beth Mead says football is her "safe space" from challenges off the pitch.
Teenager Alice Capsey top-scores with 44 as England easily chase Sri Lanka's 106-run target in their opening match at the Commonwealth Games.
England are one win away from a first major women's trophy - and you can watch and follow all the action from Sunday's Euro 2022 final on the BBC.
David Beckham, Lewis Hamilton and Fara Williams are among the famous faces sending good luck messages to England before the Euro 2022 final.
Georgia Stanway says the England men's team have been in touch, giving advice and looking for Euro 2022 final tickets.
Germany striker Alexandra Popp saw the last two Euros wrecked by injury, now she is making up for lost time as she prepares to face England in Sunday's final.
Kelly Smith reflects on England's 2009 Euro final defeat to Germany in her BBC Sport column, and discusses how the mindset will be different when the two sides meet again.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Scotland's Duncan Scott passes England's Tom Dean to take a sensational 200m freestyle Commonwealth gold.
Adam Peaty cruises into the men's 100m breaststroke final in his first race after fracturing his foot in May.
England's Johnboy Smith wins the men's T53/54 wheelchair marathon at the Commonwealth Games.
Defending champions England claim a second Commonwealth netball victory in two days, beating Malawi 66-41, while Scotland lost to Australia.
Chloe Kelly scores an extra-time winner as England beat Germany to secure their first women's major trophy in dramatic fashion.
Deividas Skebas, 22, is charged with murdering nine-year-old Lilia Valutyte in Boston, police say.
She became one of the first black American actresses to play a figure in authority on US television.
The Afghan Taliban says one of their officers died, as the neighbours blame each other.
England cyclist Matt Walls is released from hospital after a terrifying crash in which both he and his bike flew into the crowd.
The 60-year-old tells the BBC she suspects the government poster used a doctored picture of her.
England's James Wilby breaks team-mate Adam Peaty's grip on the 100m breaststroke title with a superb swim at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
The motoring group says the UK's fuel duty cut looks "paltry" compared to help given in other countries.
One of Ukraine's richest men and his wife died in a bombardment of the southern Mykolaiv of city.
American basketball great Bill Russell has died at the age of 88.
The Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton helps Sir Ben Ainslie's GB team win a friendly Commonwealth race against New Zealand.
Many long-standing customers pay more for broadband and mobile contracts than new customers do.
Some potential homebuyers may find it easier to get a loan as the central bank eases borrowing rules.
The buildings were badly damaged in the 2020 port explosion, which killed more than 200 people.
England's players gatecrash coach Sarina Wiegman's post-match news conference with a rendition of 'Football's Coming Home'.
The Queen leads the tributes for England on winning Euro 2022 after their 2-1 extra-time win over Germany.
Trafalgar Square roared with celebrations as England's lionesses claim an historic win.
England forward Beth Mead is named the player of the tournament at Euro 2022 after winning the Golden Boot as top scorer.
England match-winner Chloe Kelly says "this is what dreams are made of" after the Lionesses defeat Germany in the Euro 2022 final to win a first major trophy.
See how the players rated as England beat Germany 2-1 after extra time to win Euro 2022.
Chloe Kelly pokes in at the second time of asking to provide England with a late advantage over Germany in the Euro 2022 final at Wembley.
England are one win away from their first major trophy, while Germany are eight-time champions.
England's historic Euro 2022 win against Germany at Wembley dominates Monday's front pages.
England's Lionesses beat Germany 2-1 at Euro 2022, bagging their first major trophy.
Chloe Kelly's goal in extra time gives England a 2-1 victory over Germany in the final of European Women's Championship.
Love Island contestant, Tasha Ghouri, was born deaf and relies on a cochlear implant to hear. Her dad speaks to the BBC about the challenges she faces.
How have the 10 pieces created by the elusive street artist stood the test of time - one year on?
Steve Davis' family has been delivering milk in Milborne Port, Somerset, for more than 100 years.
Scott Neil couldn't believe how he got potentially fatal disease after a trip while walking home.
England's Twenty20 series loss to South Africa is a "line in the sand moment for the team" before October's World Cup, says head coach Matthew Mott.
Watch as Adam Peaty comes fourth in men's 100m breaststroke for his first defeat in the event since 2015 as England team-mate James Wilby claims gold at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Watch as a passionate onlooker lives every moment of the women's weightlifting at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
After years of misery following England's football teams, the Lionesses finally gave the nation the trophy it craved.
Fans have been reacting to England's historic Euro 2022 win. Here are some of the best tweets and comments.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Jake Jarman beats fellow Englishman James Hall to win gold in the Commonwealth Games men's all-around gymnastics.
England's Fraer Morrow said she did not immediately realise she had won a medal after taking bronze in the Commonwealth Games women's 55kg weightlifting.
Ayman al-Zawahiri had "carved a trail of murder and violence" against Americans, US President Joe Biden says.
The airline suspends sales for a week in response to the airport's cap on passenger numbers.
The former Tory leadership rival calls Truss the "hope candidate" in the race against Rishi Sunak.
US officials say China may fire missiles near Taiwan if top lawmaker Nancy Pelosi visits the island.
Harmful body expectations mean ads should carry warnings if model photos are digitally altered, MPs say.
New figures show the trend of UK club closures continued despite government support.
Nearly 10 years after binning the hard drive, it is thought the Bitcoin on it could be worth £150m.
The three Britons, who were captured by pro-Russian forces, are accused of being mercenaries.
Luck that has protected the world from nuclear war may not last as tensions rocket, the UN warns.
The wife of the 39-year-old, whose killing was filmed in broad daylight, says her heart is aching.
The cost-of-living crisis has seen a rise in thefts of farm animals, vehicles and fuel, a report says.
The pair were found dead in a car, apparently trying to escape the blaze, officials say.
Laura Whitmore announced the winners of the ITV2 dating show during Monday's finale.
Pictures of the England Women's team celebrating their Euro 2022 victory adorn most front pages.
Nottinghamshire Police say the BBC drama has "done wonders" for them in terms of recruitment.
Sir Thomas Picton's portrait now stands in a box along with works from Trinidadian artists.
She went viral after enthusiastically dancing to Sweet Caroline when England won their semi-final match.
Olena and her family are one of the last remaining in the Donetsk region where an evacuation order is in place.
The large animal which had escaped from a pet shop is taken to a vet after being hit by a train.
The singer tells women to "cover up for no-one" after performing at Wembley before England's historic win.
Psychologists in Bucha are working to help children understand the Ukraine war.
India's tigers roam across vast areas, so artificial intelligence is being developed to help track them.
The political fate of a "nobody" Republican will reveal a lot about the ex-president's future too.
The sports star's high-profile case has encouraged families with detained loved ones to seize the moment.
In the medieval town of Pskov, many are happy to believe the Kremlin's false portrayal of the war.
The 1998 deal was designed to end 30 years of bloody conflict in Northern Ireland.
Benefits are a gateway to support but some estimates suggest £15bn still goes unclaimed each year.
What are the rules on striking and do you have to be a trade union member to take part?
The billionaire's SpaceX company hopes to provide an internet service from space.
Hinkley Point B has shut down permanently, after 46 years generating electricity.
A year since leaving Kabul, a young refugee is trying to rebuild a new life in UK
How the International Space Station is helping to tackle deforestation
Captain Leah Williamson says her England side have "changed the game in this country" as she celebrates their historic Euro 2022 victory.
England's Laura Kenny wins a stunning Commonwealth Games gold, a day after thinking it would be her final race amid a "serious confidence crisis".
Duncan Scott became Scotland's most decorated Commonwealth athlete as he took his medal tally to 11 with two swimming bronzes in Birmingham.
Watch as Laura Kenny wins England's first track cycling gold at the Commonwealth Games with victory in the scratch race.
Watford manager Rob Edwards makes a winning start as Joao Pedro's goal gives them a home win over Sheffield United.
Premier League captains are in talks over the future of the pre-match anti-racism gesture of taking a knee before the new season begins on Friday.
Duncan Scott helps his team to 4 x 200m freestyle relay bronze, to become Scotland's most decorated athlete with 11 medals.
BBC analysis shows a wide gap between leading male and female players' wages, but could that be about to change?
Women playing football in England have overcome significant obstacles to make the top levels of the game.
Chloe Kelly's iconic celebration after scoring the winning goal for England in the Euro 2022 final is praised for empowering women.
Hundreds from up and down the country packed out Trafalgar Square to celebrate the Lioness's victory.
Watch as England's celebrate their extra-time victory in front of fans in Trafalgar Square.
Learn more about the England players who featured at Euro 2022.
England's Euro 2022 final win over Germany was watched by a peak television audience of 17.4 million, making it the most-watched programme in the UK so far in 2022.
Fans have been reacting to England's historic Euro 2022 win. Here are some of the best tweets and comments.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
England win four golds, with all-around champion Jake Jarman and Birmingham's Joe Fraser among the victors, as their superb gymnastics campaign continues at the Commonwealth Games.
England's Chris Murray wins gold in the men's 81kg weightlifting final with a Commonwealth Games record and Sarah Davies wins the women's 71kg.
English Para-swimmer Alice Tai wins Commonwealth gold in Birmingham just months after having her right leg amputated.
England's Adam Peaty says Tuesday's 50m breaststroke final will be his last Commonwealth Games race after "an incredibly hard time" recently.
Six athletes set to compete in Birmingham on Tuesday are stuck in France because of visa problems.
The highest-ranking US politician to visit Taiwan in 25 years arrives despite warnings from China.
The Supreme Court refuses an appeal by Archie's family against the withdrawal of his treatment.
Conservative members are receiving their voting papers later than planned over security concerns.
Where a tenant's bills are included in their rent the energy rebate will be paid to their landlord.
The friends, who had no prior experience of ocean rowing, beat last year's record holders from the UK.
While most went broke for legitimate reasons, 260 directors have been disqualified for misuse of money.
Pa Salieu says he was told he failed a background check while rehearsing for next week's show.
But the RAC motoring group warned major retailers should be cutting pump prices further.
Funeral packages advertising MDF coffins misled consumers, the Advertising Standards Authority says.
Only 1% of dance music played on UK radio is by a female solo artist or band, a study suggests.
The return of the Premier League could see fraudsters trick devoted fans out of hundreds of pounds.
The cult author said claims the tie-up would not hinder competition were "a little bit ridiculous".
Oil company profits and the ongoing Tory leadership campaign lead several of the papers.
Jim Allen, CEO of Hard Rock Cafe, shares a formative experience for our CEO Secrets series.
Adam Peaty says he has his "spark" back after powering to a first Commonwealth 50m breaststroke title in what he says is his final race at the Games.
Sixth-formers from 64 colleges show their creative work, in an online exhibition.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were in the crowd for swimming, hockey and gymnastic events.
The "extremely rare" incident is believed to have involved a blue shark off the coast of Cornwall.
Dozens of people have died and hundreds remain missing in the US state.
Tension between China and Taiwan has risen and what happens next matters to us all
The satirical comedy panel show's last eight episodes will be broadcast on BBC Two in the autumn.
Adriana Brownlee has now climbed 10 of the world's 14 highest peaks - but wants to conquer more.
A Ugandan Asian who settled in Leicester recalls the racism she experienced in the city in the 1970s.
Serbs have been demonstrating in Kosovo, raising fears of renewed ethnic hostilities.
Don't Worry Darling and My Policeman are among 23 movies hoping for awards in 2023.
LGBTQ+ Nigerians fear what might happen if a proposal to ban cross-dressing is adopted by parliament.
Why have members of Assam’s Muslim community been blamed for recent floods in the state?
The BBC's security correspondent looks at what can be expected from al-Qaeda now its leader has been killed.
Tragically, for a small number of children who become critically ill each year, medicine reaches its limits.
Russia accused the US of approving missile targets, while Russian soldiers steal sunflower seeds.
Crops are being brought from occupied parts of Ukraine to Russia, farmers tell BBC News.
Rangers' Champions League hopes are in the balance after they slip to a meek defeat to Union Saint-Gilloise in Belgium.
Australia's Oscar Piastri says he will not replace two-time Formula 1 world champion Fernando Alonso at Alpine next season - after the team said he would.
Jonny Bairstow pulls out of The Hundred to rest before England's Test series against South Africa later this month.
Wales' Olivia Breen hunts down English rival Sophie Hahn in a spectacular T37/38 100m heist at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
England's Adam Peaty wins his fourth and final Commonwealth gold medal in the men's 50m breaststroke at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Watch the best moments as Katarina Johnson-Thompson leads after four events of the Commonwealth Games heptathlon.
England's Katarina Johnson-Thompson builds a 109-point lead after four events as she seeks to close out the defence of her Commonwealth Games title.
Which country is leading the medal table? Medals table for the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Jake Jarman completes a superb Commonwealths debut with a fourth gold medal to become the most successful English male gymnast at a single Games.
Watch as England's Alice Kinsella wins the women's floor gold medal, with fellow Englishwoman Ondine Achampong taking silver, at the Commonwealth Games.
Scotland overcome a controversial build-up to the Commonwealth Games to beat Australia and win gold in the Para-lawn bowls men's pairs B6-B8.
China is gearing up for five days of "necessary" military exercises following Nancy Pelosi's trip to Taiwan.
The Bank of England will announce its latest decision on interest rates at midday.
The 12-year-old boy's family want him to be moved to a hospice for his "last moments".
How Russian oligarchs from Vladimir Putin’s inner circle exploited a UK secrecy loophole left open by the government.
The former chancellor says the UK risks economic decline under Rishi Sunak's policies.
England’s Katarina Johnson-Thompson and Scotland’s Eilish McColgan earn hugely popular Commonwealth Games titles on the loudest night yet at Alexander Stadium.
Parents of a child who was killed are seeking millions in a defamation trial against the radio host.
Every principle of nuclear safety has been violated at Zaporizhzhia, the UN's nuclear chief says.
The 62-year-old French sailor survived thanks to an air bubble before being rescued by divers.
Photographs from every continent except Antarctica show birds nesting or tangled in rubbish.
UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres says it is "immoral" to profit from the energy crisis.
Dame Cressida Dick may have breached standards relating to the unsolved murder of Daniel Morgan.
The police want help to build a case against fraudsters but Nigeria criminalises gay relations.
Hosepipe bans and the possibility of drought leads several of the morning papers.
The bag was seized by UK Border Force and given to the zoo to showcase the reality of the illegal trade.
Sisters Elma and Thelma are thought to be Britain's oldest twins and celebrated with a party.
Fatima Payman arrived in Australia as the child of an Afghan refugee - now she's making history.
This may become more common as the number of rockets sent to space increases, an expert said.
Archaeologists are working to save the remains of an Iron Age roundhouse before it disappears into the sea.
Fans are quick to point out that the full name of Southend's new stand includes the name of a serial killer.
Four people anticipating a change in their circumstances ahead of the expected rise in interest rates.
Afra Rafeeq, who died this week, had raised millions of rupees to help get a crucial drug for her baby brother.
The controversial Hungarian leader will be warmly received when he addresses US Republicans.
Bans are being introduced after England experienced its driest July since 1935.
While the battle to ban abortion in Kansas may have been lost, the fight continues across the US.
The al-Qaeda leader's death hits home to those he robbed of a husband, a wife, or their eyesight.
They are still campaigning for official caps but the original Lionesses are proud of their achievements.
Sinn Féin deputy leader Michelle O'Neill became pregnant when she was a 16-year-old GCSE student.
South African batter Lizelle Lee says failing a weight test was key to her shock decision to retire from international cricket.
Chelsea on verge of deal to sign Spain international full-back Marc Cucurella from Brighton.
Phil Mickelson and Ian Poulter are among 11 LIV Golf players who have filed a lawsuit against the PGA Tour in order to challenge their suspensions.
Watch the best moments from the final three events as England's Katarina Johnson-Thompson wins heptathlon gold at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Scotland's Eilish McColgan wins gold in the 10,000m, holding off the challenge of Kenya's Irine Cheptai in an "incredible" final lap at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Leicester City captain Kasper Schmeichel has left the club after 11 years and joined Ligue 1 side Nice.
Elaine Thompson-Herah's experience shines through as the Jamaican adds Commonwealth 100m gold to her collection in a time of 10.95 seconds.
The US Speaker's visit is celebrated in Taipei, but could it spark a major US-China crisis?
Nancy Pelosi's visit to Taipei has put an increasingly assertive China on the back foot.
China sees Taiwan as a breakaway province, but many Taiwanese people want a separate nation.
The highest-ranking US politician to visit Taiwan in 25 years arrives despite warnings from China.
As the island's politicians prepare to meet the US house speaker, others learn warfare survival.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Scotland's Duncan Scott finishes the 200m individual medley in first place ahead of England's Tom Dean who took the silver at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
British 400m hurdler Lina Nielsen, who will compete at the Commonwealth Games, reveals she has multiple sclerosis.
Watch Ovie Soko and BBC Sport's Ayo Akinwolere react as England score a buzzer-beater to win gold in the men's 3x3 basketball at the Commonwealth Games.
Rishi Sunak says tax cuts would fuel inflation, while Liz Truss argues a recession can be averted.
The Bank of England raises rates as it warns inflation will rise over 13% and the UK faces a long recession.
The parents of a child killed in the school shooting said they endured harassment because of the radio host's claims.
A killer on home release left Linda McDonald for dead - now she says the parole system must change.
The Labour leader failed to register eight interests on time, the standards commissioner finds.
The US says it has a "serious proposal" for Moscow that would secure the release of the basketball star.
A High Court hearing is deciding if the 12-year-old can be moved to a hospice.
The hospital worker was shot multiple times as officers stormed her home in a "no-knock" raid in 2020.
Taiwan and Japan say Chinese missiles land in their seas with Beijing angered by the visit.
Sexual health charities call on the government to take firmer action to control the outbreak.
A heatwave has been ongoing since mid-July with temperatures above 50C in some areas.
The wartime codebreaker Alan Turing studied at King's College, Cambridge, from 1931.
Thousands of performers from across the world descend on Edinburgh to put on more than 3,000 shows.
The gloomy outlook for the UK economy dominates the front pages of Friday's papers.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Watch as Tory leadership hopefuls Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss are grilled by Conservative party members.
Experts are puzzled as to why the animal has strayed so far south from its natural habitat.
Fifty years being expelled from Uganda by Idi Amin, a photographer spoke to us about his experience.
Aamir Khan tells BBC World how the iconic 'life is like a box of chocolates' line was adapted for new audiences.
Pat Firth played in the first official women's international football match in England in 1973.
Elite players say a competitive gaming trial at the Commonwealth Games is a 'significant moment'.
After fleeing the war in Ukraine, Anastasia and her family have been provided with a new home in Oxford.
A volcano erupts near Iceland's capital Reykjavik spewing lava and smoke.
A study some claim debunks antidepressants has gone viral. Was it read wrong?
One year on from the Taliban takeover of Afghanistan, we talk to some of the people who escaped to the UK.
Companies are having to work extra hard to make their staff feel connected to their organisation.
Colombian gangs target vulnerable indigenous communities as 2016 ceasefire deal fails to bring peace.
While candidates to be PM trade blows many may be wondering whether economic help on offer is enough.
The Scottish Environment Protection Agency has issued a series of water scarcity warnings in 2022.
Sleep is near impossible in Mykolaiv, the southern port under almost constant Russian attack.
Journalists reported Soham murderer Ian Huntley's odd answers to police after Holly and Jessica went missing.
"They're a bunch of gangsters," says one man fishing on the dockside, as Chinese missiles fly nearby.
A BBC investigation links a little-known type of company to fraud, terrorism and money laundering.
Dry weather has seen bans for some parts of southern England, but what about the rest of the UK?
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer expects some familiar foes to fight it out in the title race.
Afra Rafeeq, who died this week, had raised millions of rupees to help get a crucial drug for her baby brother.
The controversial Hungarian leader will be warmly received when he addresses US Republicans.
Defending champions England will face 2018 runners-up Australia in Saturday's Commonwealth netball semi-final after a superb victory against New Zealand at a jubilant NEC Arena.
The Premier League season begins on Friday, a week earlier than usual, with the World Cup in mind. Here is what to expect this season.
Watch 17-year-old Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix win gold for England in the women's 10m platform final on day seven of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
England's Lawrence Okoye, who left athletics for American Football in the wake of London 2012, wins his first senior medal in the sport with Commonwealth silver.
We ask 22 BBC pundits to predict who will win the Premier League title, who will finish in the top four and who might break into the top six.
Japan's Hinako Shibuno makes a flying start at the AIG Women's Open before claiming a one-shot lead after the first round at Muirfield.
The Bank of England is predicting a recession later this year - what does that mean?
Five people explain the change in their circumstances due to the rise in interest rates.
Interest rates are one of the main tools used to keep the UK economy growing steadily.
Some potential homebuyers may find it easier to get a loan as the central bank eases borrowing rules.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Geraint Thomas says the Commonwealth Games cycling time trial was "not as organised as we're used to" after he recovers from an early crash to take bronze.
Jack Laugher and Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix win the first diving titles on offer at the 2022 Commonwealth Games on a golden night for England.
Watch as Sri Lankan diver Dulanjan Kaushalya Fernando belly flops into the pool during the men's 1m springboard preliminary rounds on day seven of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
England win three medals in the powerlifting finals, including gold for Zoe Newson and silver for Olivia Broome in the women's event and silver for Mark Swan in the men's.
The European Court of Human Rights says a request to move him to a hospice fell outside its scope.
Gaza militants launch rockets into Israel in the most serious outbreaks of violence for over a year.
South African judges are considering a request to extradite the retired teacher to Scotland.
The parents of a child killed in the attack said they had endured harassment and emotional distress.
Allies of the former chancellor say he changed outdated rules to reflect need in rural areas.
Trucks are supplying many parched French towns with drinking water after an exceptionally dry July.
The problems are reported to have impacted referrals from the NHS 111 helpline to out-of-hours GPs.
Beijing has reacted angrily after senior US Democrat Nancy Pelosi visited Taiwan earlier this week.
Samira Islam, from Cardiff, is the third member of the same family to die after the incident.
The foreign secretary can be heard responding with a promise to clamp down on disruptive protest.
Matty Lee and Noah Williams win synchronised 10m platform gold after England team-mate Jack Laugher clinches his second Commonwealth Games title in 24 hours.
Arsenal get off to the perfect start as they beat Crystal Palace in the 2022-23 Premier League curtain-raiser at Selhurst Park
Comments by Liz Truss on tax cuts and deteriorating China-US relations are among the stories on Saturday's front pages.
As England celebrate their Euros win, the women of Mariupol FC in Ukraine simply dream of playing again.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Nisha Popat looks back 50 years to when dictator Idi Amin forced her family out of Uganda
The star earns her fourth number one album in the UK, outselling the competition by three to one.
As hosepipe bans begin in some areas, images show dried-out lawns and parks across the country.
A picture of a butterfly on the fingertips of tennis player Naomi Osaka is named overall winner.
Businesses wanting to sell bugs as food in the UK were left in limbo due to post-Brexit confusion.
July saw temperature records broken multiple times and rainfall is down 76%.
Pladda off the coast of Arran is on sale for £350,000 and includes a five-bed house and helipad.
The mechanical bull used in the Commonwealth opening ceremony will now be given a permanent home in the city.
Sparsh's family fled in terror 75 years ago - it wasn't spoken about until his grandfather agreed to talk.
The two contenders promise tax cuts but have given little detail about how to pay for them.
Gary Schroen, one of the first Americans on the ground in Afghanistan after 9/11, has died aged 80.
Jones' claims about Sandy Hook, bankruptcy, dietary supplements and the jury were laid bare in the trial.
Many Bollywood stars have been facing incessant trolling, but does it affect how their films perform?
As the president backs his ex-rival in elections, his deputy says he is fighting dynastic rule.
Fans of the popular film are angry the character of Raj is being reimagined as a white man called Rog.
What's like for people taking medication to read stories that suggest anti-depressants don't work?
The Premier League season begins on Friday, a week earlier than last year with the winter World Cup in mind. Here is what to expect this season.
Chris Sutton is BBC Sport's new predictions expert and he has picked his winners and losers for the opening weekend of the Premier League season.
England's women reach the hockey final at the Commonwealth Games with a thrilling semi-final shootout win against defending champions New Zealand.
Harry Brook outshines veteran Andre Russell as Northern Superchargers beat Manchester Originals in a high-scoring northern derby at Old Trafford.
Australia captain Michael Hooper withdraws from Saturday's Rugby Championship opener away to Argentina and will return home as he is not in the right "mindset" to play.
Watch England secure their place in the women's hockey final as they beat New Zealand 2-0 in a shootout on day eight of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Watch the best bits from Northern Chargers' victory over Manchester Originals in the Hundred at Old Trafford.
Goals from Scott Hogan and Przemyslaw Placheta give Birmingham their first win under new boss John Eustace.
Watch as Canada doubles pair Adam Dong and Nyl Yakura are left on the ground after a brilliant rally against England's Ben Lane and Sean Vendy at the Commonwealth Games.
Times are already hard but the Bank of England says they'll get worse and stay that way until late 2023
Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey warns price rises would be long-term if Bank did not act.
The UK economy is forecast to shrink this year but what will it mean for first-time home buyers?
The recruitment blitz that followed the pandemic is cooling, according to a jobs report.
George Miller, 75, becomes the oldest Commonwealth Games gold medallist as Scotland defeat Wales in the final of the B2/B3 mixed pairs bowls.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Northern Ireland secure their best-ever medal haul at a Commonwealth Games as the men's fours win their lawn bowls semi-final.
Marfa Ekimova makes history for England by winning their first ever gold medal in the rhythmic gymnastics individual all-around final at the Commonwealth Games, scoring 112.300 overall.
Elizabeth Bird clinches a thrilling 3,000m steeplechase silver as England win five athletics medals on day eight of the Commonwealth Games.
The 12-year-old has died in hospital after his life support was withdrawn following a legal battle.
The US has accused Beijing of "provocative" actions after Taiwan said China rehearsed an attack.
Emergency services searched for the girl after she got into difficulty in a lake, police say.
Ex-England player Peter Shilton's wife, Steph, on living with a gambling addict and helping others.
The visibly malnourished all-white beluga has been stuck 70km north of Paris since at least Tuesday.
Kenya's Mary Moraa gatecrashes Keely Hodgkinson and Laura Muir's Anglo-Scottish duel to take 800m gold at the Commonwealth Games.
Israeli air strikes continue on Gaza in the wake of overnight militant rocket attacks.
The warning comes amid reports of Russian shelling of the Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant.
Liz Truss defends her plans after saying she would not give handouts in response to higher fuel bills.
Sexual Minorities Uganda (Smug) decried the move as a 'witch hunt' targeting the LGBT community.
All 32 surviving passengers are injured, 19 of them seriously, officials say.
The US president will stay in isolation until he has a second negative test, his doctor says.
The singer has spoken out on the issue after his partner suffered a miscarriage two years ago.
The Tory leadership hopeful's promise of another cost of living package and calls for an emergency budget lead Sunday's papers.
Macro photographer Geraint Radford says insects have a bad reputation, but they're "funny".
The charity fundraiser even did a loop-the-loop for the first time.
Thousands take to the streets as the celebration marks its 30th anniversary.
Dozens are injured and 17 firefighters are missing as the battle continues to get the fire under control.
Ukrainian art is put on show at Wembley Stadium with the aim to keep the war in the public eye.
The spectacular show on the Edinburgh Castle esplanade returns after a three-year break.
Shelley Lane says she was told she would not be a success if she opened a salon in her village.
She is the fifth star to be announced for the dancing contest, which returns to BBC One next month.
From King Arthur to ancient Egypt, the rocky Scottish outcrop is mired in myths and legends.
The Archbishop of Canterbury kept bishops on board but his speech may not soothe gay congregants.
More people are swapping real lawns for fake but experts are worried about its environmental impact.
A speech by senior US officials to commemorate a WWII Pacific battle comes amid tensions with China.
Charities warn against not paying for energy bills as a campaign to refuse to pay builds.
Research for Radio 4's Front Row finds inconsistencies in theatres' ticket prices and policies.
Hamida Banu had been trafficked to Pakistan 20 years ago by an agent promising her a job in Dubai.
Stars like Aamir Khan and Akshay Kumar have been facing incessant trolling, but does it affect their films?
Everton left themselves hostages to fortune by failing to replace Richarlison, and that flaw was brutally exposed in the defeat by Chelsea.
Tottenham come from a goal down to thrash Southampton at home and get off to a winning start in the Premier League.
Jamaica's Elaine Thompson-Herah replicates her Olympic sprint double as she charges to Commonwealth 200m gold.
Match of the Day's Ian Wright highlights how Aleksandar Mitrovic caused problems for Liverpool in newly promoted Fulham's 2-2 draw.
Belfast featherweight Michael Conlan returns to winning ways with a comprehensive unanimous-decision victory over Colombia's Miguel Marriaga.
Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool's performance at Fulham "was a defeat" as the Reds made a frustrating start to their Premier League campaign.
Dan Goodfellow wins his first individual Commonwealth Games gold to lead an all-England top three in the men's 3m springboard final.
Watch highlights as Australia secure a place in the netball final after they beat England 60-51 in their semi-final match on day nine of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Northern Ireland's Ian McClure and Martin Hugh help their side recapture Commonwealth gold 24 years after they did it in Kuala Lumpur..
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Nine in 10 UK dentists are not accepting new adult patients, while eight in 10 are refusing children.
Israel and Palestinian militants have agreed to a Egypt-mediated truce to take effect late on Sunday.
The plans - which aim to reduce US carbon emissions by 40% by 2030 - still needs House approval.
The BBC visits a maternity ward where mothers are forced to share beds and have no access to pain relief.
The children's commissioner says she is concerned by data on incidents involving police in London.
England are denied a dramatic 4x400m relay gold after officials rule they committed a lane infringement before anchor Jessie Knight held off Canada in the tightest of finishes
Even one-off incidents could be classed as offences, new Crown Prosecution Service guidance says.
Post Offices handled a record £801m in personal cash withdrawals in July.
The athlete has been declared brain dead and police say the suspect is on the run.
President Gustavo Petro is demanding a new global strategy to tackle his nation's drugs industry.
Four vessels leave Ukrainian ports via a safe maritime corridor set up under a deal with Russia.
The PM wants payments to be made to survivors "as soon as possible", says Downing Street.
About 60 people have had to leave their homes as trees burn to the rear of several properties.
A warning to the government to get inflation down before cutting tax and the return of the heatwave, lead Monday's papers.
In 2015, Andrea Sheardown was diagnosed with a rare liver cancer and given just six weeks to live.
As worldwide sales of the algae soar, the European Union wants to establish giant seaweed farms.
Watch Australia's Cassiel Emmanuel Rousseau perform "the dive of the Games" during the men's 10m platform final to win the gold medal on day ten of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Nearly 1,000 staff and visitors were unable to leave as all roads in and out were closed.
The chair of the Horniman Museum said it was "moral" to return items taken by "force" years ago.
The 10 workers are stuck underground in Coahuila after a tunnel wall collapsed in a mine shaft.
Anti-abortion Gen-Z activists think their fight isn't at odds with the generational theme.
The pandemic turned some people into savvy entrepreneurs but how many have ditched their day job?
The BBC tracks the crucial issues facing Kenyans as the country chooses a new president on 9 August.
An estimated 60% of the capital Port-au-Prince is now considered “lawless”, human rights groups say.
Vouchers are being cut in value or scrapped altogether across England, BBC News research reveals.
The International Paralympic Committee says Paralympic growth could be "jeopardised" by any merger with the Olympics.
Manchester City's new striker Erling Haaland adds a dangerous, previously unseen dimension as the champions sweep past West Ham United in their Premier League opener.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy says the worst part about Manchester United's defeat by Brighton was that it gave few clues of the change that could come under new manager Erik ten Hag.
South Africa's Ashleigh Buhai wins the AIG Women's Open for her maiden major triumph.
Match of the Day 2's Dion Dublin looks at how an "outstanding" display from new Manchester City striker Erling Haaland gave Pep Guardiola's team a win over West Ham in their Premier League match on Sunday.
Former England international Kevin Pietersen says England need to back Jason Roy ahead of October's T20 World Cup despite his recent form struggles.
Watch highlights as England's women win the nation's first ever Commonwealth Games hockey gold with a 2-1 victory against Australia.
Watch as Scotland's Laura Muir wins gold in the women's 1500m final on day 10 of the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Australia's Nick Kyrgios wins the Citi Open after beating Japan's Yoshihito Nishioka 6-4 6-3 in the final.
Scotland's Laura Muir wins the Commonwealth 1500m crown with a ruthless run off the front of the pack.
England women's hockey team win Commonwealth Games gold for the first time with a 2-1 victory over four-time champions Australia.
England's Delicious Orie wins Commonwealth Games men's super-heavyweight gold to end the boxing event with a victory which leaves the home crowd ecstatic.
Australia continue their dominance of women's cricket with a nine-run win over India at Edgbaston to secure Commonwealth Games gold.
Your day-by-day guide to all the action at the 22nd Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, you do have options.
The former US president says that federal agents broke into a safe at his Palm Beach resort.
The star found worldwide fame playing girl-next-door Sandy in smash-hit musical Grease.
The Tory leadership contender is accused of "another U-turn" as he pledges more money to ease costs.
It comes as business boss Tony Danker warns the UK cannot "afford a summer of government inactivity".
Hot conditions will not hit the 40.3C reached last month but could last longer, forecasters say.
The ex-Manchester United and Wales star denies coercive behaviour and assaulting two women.
Birmingham ends a hugely successful Commonwealth Games as legendary Brummie rocker Ozzy Osbourne headlines the closing ceremony.
Officials say Russia has been launching artillery attacks from the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant.
Neighbours say they reported a strong gas smell two weeks ago and that they had been feeling dizzy.
The men - who are already serving life sentences for murder - are given additional federal sentences.
Meltwater flows from the glaciers, which may be set for their highest mass losses in 60 years.
High Court papers allege Gareth Thomas hid his HIV status and did not take care not to pass it on.
Little is known about the new track, but it will be called Hold Me Closer.
The death of Olivia Newton-John and tensions among the rival Tory leadership campaigns lead the papers.
June Spencer, 103, has played matriarch Peggy in the long-running Radio 4 drama since 1951.
A witness told the BBC that it was the worst flooding he had ever seen in London.
The BBC visits a ward where mothers are forced to share beds and have no access to pain relief.
The former Bros star is the eighth contestant to be announced for the BBC One dancing competition.
We've been speaking to a few experts who have given animal lovers their top tips on saving money.
Extreme drought and historic heat have caused the River Po's water levels to drop dramatically.
The Grammy award-winning singer found enduring fame in the film Grease.
A study shows how Russian arms depend on Western components - and a nuclear plant remains a major concern.
The truce brings relief to Gazans, but the lack of a peace process means this is only temporary.
A hosepipe ban is being introduced for some areas, but what about the rest of the UK?
Former Gloucester lock Ed Slater says he takes "each day as it comes" after being diagnosed with motor neurone disease.
Anti-abortion Gen Z activists think their fight isn't at odds with the beliefs of other young activists.
There is pressure for candidates to explain what they will do to help with rising bills and how they'll pay for it.
Students are waiting to find out their National 5, Higher and Advanced Higher exam results.
Low-fare carrier JetBlue said it is a necessary policy when recruiting, as the industry re-starts.
Derby County were founder members of the Football League in 1888. This year they were saved from potential liquidation.
Serena Williams claimed her first singles win in over a year as she beat Spain's Nuria Parrizas Diaz to reach the second round of the National Bank Open in Toronto.
Everton sign former Liverpool defender Conor Coady from Wolves on loan.
Watch some of the best moments from London Spirit's dominant victory over Manchester Originals in The Hundred at Lord's.
Ismaila Sarr scores a spectacular chip from his own half but has a late penalty saved as Watford draw with West Bromwich Albion.
BBC pundit Chris Sutton says news of Manchester United's move for Marko Arnautovic is "a PR disaster".
England's team chief says he is proud of the athletes after a record haul of 176 medals at the 2022 Commonwealth Games.
England's Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix wins her third Commonwealth Games diving medal with mixed synchronised 10m platform gold alongside Noah Williams.
James Willstrop and Declan James beat fellow England pair Daryl Selby and Adrian Waller in men's squash doubles final.
Scotland's James Heatly and Grace Reid win gold with their total of 306.00 in the synchronised 3m springboard final at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham.
Six million UK households owe over £200 to energy suppliers, according to a survey.
Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak attack each other's plans after new predictions of soaring household costs.
If 115,000 staff strike, it could be the biggest ever action by the Communication Workers Union.
Mike Pence is among those demanding an explanation from the attorney general for the unprecedented move.
Black smoke is seen rising from the territory, which Russia annexed from Ukraine in 2014.
Divers, vets and police are involved in moving the ailing beluga whale from the Seine to the sea.
A jury hears Ryan Giggs "flipped" after Kate Greville confronted him about messaging another woman.
A helicopter and specialist divers search the area after a 14-year-old fails to resurface.
The firm plans to bring in restrictions for 15 million customers "in the coming weeks".
The Met Office says temperatures will be below July's record highs - but this heatwave will last longer.
Tennis great Serena Williams has suggested she is set to retire, saying she will be "evolving away" from the sport after the US Open.
Plans to turn the site at Linton-on-Ouse into a centre for up to 1,500 men were announced in April.
UK Athletics finds former coach Toni Minichiello committed "gross breaches of trust" and making sexual references and gestures to athletes.
The spiralling cost of living and the ongoing Tory leadership race lead the papers.
The Loire Valley is key to French farming, but it is being devastated by a fourth heatwave this year.
Japanese fashion designer Issey Miyake's innovative styles created a global fashion brand.
As Chinese developers spiral into debt, people with nowhere else to live have moved into unfinished apartments.
The singer was UK-born and found fame in the US, but Australians will always claim her as their own.
The medal table had a familiar look, but Birmingham's energy and enthusiasm changed old preconceptions and brought fresh hope to the Commonwealth Games.
The whale, thought to be a minke, emerged just in front of a kayaker off Cornwall.
The Mock the Week and Ted Lasso star is the ninth contestant to be announced for the BBC One contest.
The presenter has been sharing his Sunday afternoon slot with comedian Rob Beckett.
Photographers flood Instagram with creative images of Commonwealth Games mechanical sculpture.
Weeks of baking heat have caused big problems for Europe's food producers and river traffic.
The film has inspired generations of fans. But is it under fire in the era of MeToo?
A typical household bill is now predicted to reach £4,000 in January.
Derby County were founder members of the Football League in 1888. This year they were saved from potential liquidation.
Chelsea Mooney was 17 when she died in a Camhs unit last year, following a self-harm incident.
A hosepipe ban is being introduced for some areas, but what about the rest of the UK?
The revolutionary designer died of liver cancer in Tokyo aged 84, his company said in a statement.
Feeling stigmatised after her divorce, Sania Khan found community on TikTok - then her ex returned.
A year after the Taliban took over Afghanistan, the BBC returns to see how people's lives have changed.
The BBC looks at how exams, the pandemic and government policy has affected the attainment gap.
Far from being scary, people who actually live with robots are finding them endearing.
A campaign group says more young people are joining the site because of the rising cost of living.
Beijing redefines what is "acceptable" even as Taiwanese attitudes appear to be hardening further.
Why are passport applications taking longer than usual and how can I avoid delays?
Rangers roar into the Champions League play-offs after overcoming Union Saint-Gilloise and a two-goal first-leg defeat in a rousing showing.
Conor Benn and Chris Eubank Jr will fight at London's O2 Arena on Saturday, 8 October, almost 30 years since their fathers shared one of the most iconic rivalries in British boxing history.
Emma Raducanu's US Open title defence preparations suffer another blow as she loses to Camila Giorgi in the National Bank Open first round.
Watch the best of Tuesday's action in the Hundred as Trent Rockets comfortably beat Northern Superchargers by seven wickets at Headingley.
Three players from the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Series lose a court bid against the PGA Tour to play in the FedEx Cup Play-offs.
England head coach Eddie Jones is admonished by the Rugby Football Union for criticising the system's reliance on private schools.
Forces in England and Wales often fail to identify and catch offenders, a watchdog finds.
Aine Davis has denied being part of an Islamic State cell nicknamed the Beatles which murdered hostages.
The former chancellor says he has a "moral responsibility" to help the poorest with energy bills.
State officials are investigating whether the Trump Organization misled lenders and tax authorities.
The energy regulator says it's "possible" customers' direct debit payments will rise before October.
A man has been arrested after a series of incidents which also left three people in hospital.
Flights will be more expensive because war in Ukraine has pushed up oil prices, Michael O'Leary tells the BBC.
The new prototype doesn't think much of the company's CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, either.
Jonathan Edwards will represent Plaid Cymru again after being cautioned for assaulting his wife.
Sahara Salman, 4, died and an 11-year-old boy and a 54-year-old woman remain in hospital.
A ruling on the coking coal mine in Cumbria had been due in July but was then put back to August.
New pictures show extensive damage to buildings and warplanes after explosions hit the Russian base.
The media giant is gaining subscribers as it details plans to launch an ad-supported service in December.
The cost of living crisis and a damning report on the handling of crimes by police lead the papers.
Italians share their views after fast food giant pulls out of the home of pizza.
A rescue operation is under way to rehome the dogs from a breeding facility in Virginia.
The Kite Runner will host special performances for theatre-goers who need or want to wear masks.
Residents tell the BBC about the problems as they receive emergency water supplies.
John McDermott says he always wanted to compete in a triathlon but could not swim.
French officials say the whale's condition worsened as it was being moved from the Seine to the sea.
Charities are on a mission in what is thought to be one of the US's biggest ever dog rescue efforts.
The comedian and actress hasn't danced with anyone since competing with her late sister as teenagers.
The BBC's Nick Robinson reflects on the key takeaways from his interview with Rishi Sunak.
Caroline Boulton says there have been delays at every stage of her treatment for breast cancer.
Former prisoners expose how and why rape is being used as a weapon inside Russian jails.
Award-winning illustrator and cartoonist whose work The Snowman became a Christmas favourite.
Young people like 18-year-old Eloise says it could be another year before they pass their test.
As supporters urge him to run for president again, the search on Mar-a-Lago has lit a match for Trump.
As Serena Williams suggests she is set to retire, BBC Sport looks at the biggest moments from her iconic career.
The country's property sector is struggling with a cash crunch, forcing buyers to take extreme steps.
Hosepipe bans are being introduced but what are water companies doing to tackle leaks?
The actor's remake of the Hollywood blockbuster is Bollywood's most ambitious adaptation yet.
The law against mishandling classified data includes a potential ban on running for office.
Will Smeed makes history by becoming the first player to hit a century in The Hundred after hitting a blistering 101 not out for Birmingham Phoenix against Southern Brave.
Karim Benzema continues his Ballon d'Or pursuit with a landmark 324th goal for Real Madrid to help them beat Eintracht Frankfurt in the Uefa Super Cup.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce runs the fourth-fastest ever women's 100m, 10.62 seconds, as she wins at the Diamond League in Monaco.
Will Smeed makes history by becoming the first player to hit a century in The Hundred - watch the best shots from his blistering unbeaten 101 for Birmingham Phoenix against Southern Brave at Edgbaston.
With psychological training on the rise, Real Madrid assistant coach Davide Ancelotti explains how he sees its future in football.
Rory McIlroy says "common sense prevailed" after three players from the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Series lost a court bid against the PGA Tour to play in the FedEx Cup Play-offs.
Leicester City travel to face League Two Stockport County in the second round of the EFL Cup, with Newcastle United visiting fourth-tier Tranmere Rovers.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, you do have options.
A typical household bill is now predicted to reach £4,000 in January.
Many people are getting desperate as spiralling energy bills start to bite.
Payments to help with the cost of living have started being made, with more to come later this year.
A County Antrim butcher says people are worried earlier than ever over how they'll afford Christmas.
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at its highest rate for 40 years.
The UK government imposed a £5bn windfall tax on energy companies in May, this is how it works.
The Tory leader hopeful says profit is not "dirty" and windfall taxes were about "bashing business".
The Met Office has issued its highest alert for fire severity over the weekend.
Firefighters continue to try to extinguish the wildfire raging through the Gironde region.
The FBI searched Mr Trump's Florida home on Monday - the unsealed warrant could reveal why.
The accident happened after two rollercoaster trains collided into each other, Legoland says.
The actress responds to Sean Bean, who said sex scene specialists spoil the spontaneity of filming.
"Soldiers are everywhere," says one worker at Zaporizhzhia. "Everyone is kept at gunpoint."
The supermarkets are joining other chains in removing the barbecues from sale over fire risk.
George Jack Temperley-Wells is thought to have travelled from Darlington with his mother.
Stocks of the vaccine run low in the UK, with a new batch not due to arrive until next month.
The charges follow the death of a father-of-six and attacks on three other people in incidents around Skye.
Harry Sarkar got bereavement leave and flexible working benefits due to his "odious" lies.
The US rock band cancel their European tour, including headline slots at Reading and Leeds.
An astronomical forecast for the yearly cost of energy and a likely drought declaration lead the papers.
Wildfires are uniquely challenging for fire crews and they are becoming much more frequent.
High temperatures and lack of rain continues across Europe, as governments to issue health warnings
A photo of a wild cat hunting flamingo wins the Nature TTL Photographer of the Year competition.
Following England's Euro 2022 triumph, Lionesses captain Leah Williamson guest edited BBC Radio 4's Woman's Hour on Thursday.
This is what happened when a woman considering an abortion walked into a crisis pregnancy centre.
The deal marks the third time the Groucho has changed ownership in its 37-year history.
Nearly £4,000 is raised after a shop's entire stock of chocolate melts during the recent heatwave.
Competitive gaming may soon be added to the Commonwealth Games programme, after a successful test event in Birmingham.
Hot temperatures and strong winds formed a 'firenado' in California on Wednesday.
Zookeepers found the new baby strolling around in the morning after he was born overnight.
Sisters Tetiana and Anna competed at national level, before fleeing Kyiv for Swindon in May.
Boris Mints calls Putin's invasion of Ukraine "vile", adding the war is a result of his "madness".
In Iran, many women face medical virginity tests before they marry, but some are now pushing back.
Thousands of UK home addresses have been used by crime gangs to register bogus firms, the BBC finds.
Councils across the country are sending vulnerable young people to children's homes in Blackpool. The approach is raising concerns.
More multiple launch rocket systems are on the way to Ukraine, so how much of a difference are they making?
UK cities hoping to host the song contest next year will be shortlisted later this week.
The Glasgow City and Ireland striker opens up on her addictions and her path to recovery.
Six: The Musical went from a hotel conference room at the 2017 festival to the West End and Broadway.
As the cost of living soars 'repair cafes' are growing in popularity.
The first week of The Hundred suffered without the women, who made a welcome return at The Oval on Thursday, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Dundee United slump to the joint heaviest European defeat by a Scottish side as AZ Alkmaar march into the Europa Conference League play-offs.
Olympic, European and world mixed doubles champion Eve Muirhead retires from curling saying he hopes she showed "girls that being sweaty's cool".
Watch the best of Thursday's action in The Hundred as both the men's and women's Oval Invincibles teams beat the Northern Superchargers at the Oval.
Great Britain win silver on the opening night of the European Aquatics Championships in Rome.
Watch Great Britain's Alice Kinsella win silver in the women's gymnastics all-around final on day one of the European Championships in Munich.
The heatwave will make conditions on England's farms worse as experts warn of smaller harvests.
July saw temperature records broken multiple times.
More shade, extra fans and ice blocks are also being used at Hatton Country World near Warwick.
With much of the UK enduring another period of hot weather, some workers will face very high temperatures.
Know the signs and what to do if someone is unwell in hot weather.
The Satanic Verses author was stabbed in the neck and abdomen at an event in New York state.
Rushdie suffered years of Islamist death threats after writing The Satanic Verses in 1988.
The Donnie Brasco actress is legally dead, a representative says, after a car crash in Los Angeles.
More people could face hosepipe bans, with five companies already announcing restrictions on water use.
The former president says the cache, including information about the "President of France", was declassified.
Some rail operators will run no services at all, as 6,500 train drivers walk out in a dispute over pay.
Three members of the same family were killed - the gunman was shot dead by a civilian.
The outgoing PM says he is making sure money is in place for his successor to offer more help.
The economy shrank by 0.1% leading some experts to warn a recession could start sooner than expected.
Health service chiefs have promised some 7,000 extra beds in England to tackle increased demands.
Shelagh Robertson, 75, is cleared after a baby boy is killed when his pram is hit on the pavement.
Becky Harrington flooded social media with posts about the stolen car and found it three days later.
England Euro 2022 winners Millie Bright, Beth Mead and Lucy Bronze are nominated for the women's Ballon d'Or but Lionel Messi, the seven-time men's winner, misses out.
The attack on author Salman Rushdie in New York and fears that a lack of water will harm UK harvests lead the papers.
Photographers around the globe capture the final supermoon of the year.
The animal was found incapacitated after consuming hallucinogenic rhododendron honey.
Harry Winstanley is transported to his final resting place on board on the last bus he drove.
The frozen food came from a cruise liner forced to spend an extra night in Kirkwall because of bad weather.
Great Britain's women crash out of the team sprint event at the European Championships in Munich.
Major Errington is thought to be the last surviving officer commissioned before World War Two.
A Ukrainian refugee family who are dentists are highlighting barriers preventing them from practising.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
A decisive shift in southern Ukraine is unlikely in the coming months, says a top UK intelligence official.
Malta is the only EU state with a total ban on abortion, but some believe change could be coming.
An unofficial Bridgerton musical cancels a planned London show after Netflix intervenes.
"If you haven't lived through it, you have no idea the kind of pain this is," one man tells the BBC.
There are many theories about what happened but it is clear Australia failed them, advocates say.
It's been a year since the Taliban took control in Afghanistan.
By the time BBC journalist Sarah Lee was able to get doctors to listen, her cancer had spread.
Some online users in Kenya have been sharing misleading claims about the results and the voting process.
Traumatised by political upheaval, people are reviving their interest in Cantonese-language music.
Wahida Amiri became one of the leading voices against the Taliban's assault on women's rights.
Serge Pizzorno on replacing Tom Meighan, closing the Women's Euros and bringing out Peter Crouch.
Conservatives who are not UK citizens explain why they’re voting in the party’s leadership ballot.
After only one win in the inaugural tournament, London Spirit have started the 2022 Hundred with three wins, but how have Eoin Morgan and Trevor Bayliss done it?
Tom Cleverley's winner helps Watford extend their good start to the season and end Burnley's unbeaten start under Vincent Kompany.
Watch Non Stanford win triathlon gold for Great Britain at the European Championships in the final international appearance of her career.
Wales manager Robert Page is close to agreeing a new "long-term" deal, says Football Association of Wales president Steve Williams.
Manchester United want to sign Chelsea's Hakim Ziyech, Newcastle could target Christian Pulisic, West Ham make big-money offer for Memphis Depay, plus more.
With Britain reaching record temperatures, use our postcode tool to find out how your area experiences extreme heat.
Hosepipe bans are being introduced but what are water companies doing to tackle leaks?
A hosepipe ban is being introduced for some areas, but what about the rest of the UK?
Bad information and myths about UK heatwave circulate on social media, we debunk them
The Rhine is a key shipping route for Germany and Europe - so what happens if it's too shallow to use?
Dermatologist Adeline Kikam on coping with conditions that can develop in rising temperatures.
What does drought mean and what are the implications for water, food, rivers and wildlife?
High temperatures and lack of rain continues across Europe, as governments to issue health warnings
Extreme temperatures could have an impact on health and transport.
An official drought has been declared in parts of southern, central and eastern England, what happens now?
With much of the UK enduring another period of hot weather, some workers will face very high temperatures.
The man accused of stabbing author Salman Rushdie pleads not guilty and is remanded in custody.
The literary world has reacted to the attack on Salman Rushdie with shock and condemnation.
Israeli police are treating the incident near the Western Wall as a suspected terror attack.
Ukrainian forces attacked the bridge as part of its counter-offensive in the occupied Kherson region.
Adam Price says Jonathan Edwards's actions send "the wrong message out to domestic abuse survivors".
A toxic spill is suspected but testing is yet to reveal the cause of the incident on the Oder river.
The call for wiser use of water comes as experts fear the England drought could last into next year.
The Pleasance venue said the Scottish comedian's material did 'not align' with their values.
Brentford produce a stunning first-half performance as they score four goals in the first 35 minutes to condemn Manchester United to a humiliating defeat.
The fire at a Dorset beauty spot tore through heathland and forced the evacuation of a nearby beach.
At least 40 others were injured in bad weather at a popular electronic music festival near Valencia.
French environmentalists sabotage golf greens to protest against their exemption from water bans.
Raila Odinga and William Ruto are running neck and neck as the official results slowly come in.
The militants fire into the air as women call for "work and freedom" after a year of Taliban rule.
Proposals to reduce coming hikes in energy costs and a call by Rishi Sunak for sanctions against Iran's Revolutionary Guard lead the papers
A company in Norway has developed an innovative "kite" that turns wind into electricity.
Authorities suspect a toxic substance is to blame, but the cause of the mass death is still unknown.
Birdwatchers at a reservoir say it is the first time the bird has been spotted in the UK.
In June 1973, the nightclub Pacha opened in Ibiza and it changed the island forever.
The set of 13 stamps was commissioned to celebrate Britain's contribution to the global franchise.
The TV and radio host is revealed as the 15th and final contestant for this year's dance contest.
Sue Foulkes says she was in trouble for playing the sport, which was banned in the UK for women.
The corner of Tuscany where they have been honouring their culinary links to Scotland for decades.
A shocking moment in a divorce court prompted Aronke Omame to switch careers and become a break-up coach.
In a new TV show, Miriam Margolyes asks whether Australia is truly the land of the fabled 'fair go'.
Inflation and the Ukraine war lead to 50% jump in costs.
"We've never known a summer like this," says the mayor of one town threatened by wildfires.
For 34 years, Pat O'Shea has been caretaker of an ancient monastic island beloved by Star Wars fans.
Eric Hall has 28 convictions but his family says he was not well enough to be put on a Home Office plane to Jamaica.
Medics are seeing the funny side of hospital work in stand-up comedy shows at the Edinburgh Fringe.
Manchester United were labelled 'a joke' after being 'bullied' by Brentford in Saturday's 4-0 defeat - but how bad have things become at Old Trafford?
Gabriel Jesus looks to be relishing his status as Arsenal's main striker following his £45m move from Manchester City - as Mikel Arteta, Martin Keown and Kevin Campbell have all noted.
Why Alana King's emergence on English soil was reminiscent of Shane Warne back in 1993.
Match of the Day pundits Alan Shearer and Micah Richards analyse Manchester United's 'pathetic' performance in their 4-0 loss at Brentford.
Watch the best of Saturday's action in The Hundred as Manchester Originals hosted Trent Rockets and Welsh Fire took on Birmingham Phoenix.
Erling Haaland cannot mark his home debut for Manchester City with a goal but Pep Guardiola's side still sweep Bournemouth aside with ease.
Dawid Malan's magnificent 98 not out leads Trent Rockets to a crushing victory over Manchester Originals.
How our companions are staying cool in the heatwave that is gripping the UK.
Two sisters are among five women from Afghanistan's national cycling team now training in Italy.
The party says this would help fund a freeze of the energy price cap through the winter.
A campaign group says it has been "inundated" with messages about nurseries going out of business suddenly.
Temperatures have exceeded 30C in much of England and Wales - but rain is forecast.
Tinder-dry and extremely hot conditions have created the perfect conditions for wildfires in the UK.
The increase will also begin in March, rather than January, the government says.
Cases in the Marshall Islands have surged not long after the first community spread was confirmed.
The author was severely injured after being stabbed on stage at an event in New York State.
Harry Kane equalises six minutes into stoppage time as Tottenham draw at Chelsea before managers Thomas Tuchel and Antonio Conte are both sent off.
The Pleasance said the comedian made staff and audience members feel 'uncomfortable and unsafe'.
Raila Odinga and William Ruto are running neck and neck with almost half of the results confirmed.
Mayor of London Sadiq Khan says he is "proud to support" an event that is "more vital than ever".
No-one was injured in Sunday's incident, which sent passengers running in fear.
Mark Pritchard says the direct service from London to Wellington in Shropshire is "well-used".
A call by the Labour leader for a halt to rises in the energy price cap and the end of England's dry spell lead the papers
The mass loss of trees in 2015 provides important lessons for the future, scientists say.
Lochaber Mountain Rescue helped Turkish Mountain dog Maggie off the hill when she refused to budge.
Baz Bedrossian came to London with his family as a refugee after the second Turkish invasion of Cyprus.
Owners were ordered to keep their felines indoors to protect an endangered bird.
The Edinburgh statue honours former undisputed world lightweight champion Ken Buchanan.
Cox Erin Kennedy helps Great Britain to a dominant European Para-rowing gold three months after being diagnosed with breast cancer.
Video footage shows people running from the huge blast, which killed at least three people.
A degree can be valuable in many ways. Here is a look at some of the financial pros and cons.
With millions of bags and suitcases going missing this summer, technology may offer the solution.
Britain left India 75 years ago and the country became two separate states, India and Pakistan.
Performers at the Edinburgh festival have taken to camper vans and tents to escape the city's high accommodation costs.
For two decades, Mumbai-based Chicago Radio became synonymous with India's freedom struggle.
The murder of a Nigerian vendor has shaken a community in Italy, writes Ismail Einashe.
On the frontline of the wildfires in France is a tactical team trying to stay ahead of the flames.
Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel admits "this match sucked me in" as he and Tottenham counterpart Antonio Conte both see red at Stamford Bridge.
Will Jacks smashes the fastest century in The Hundred as Oval Invincibles sweep to an easy seven-wicket win over Southern Brave.
Former Tottenham midfielder Jermaine Jenas says it was important for his old side to show they can play badly and not lose in their draw with Chelsea.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Fara Williams and Jermaine Jenas break down some of the controversial moments in the 2-2 draw between Chelsea and Tottenham.
Watch the best of Sunday's action as Northern Superchargers faced London Spirit and Oval Invincibles hosted Southern Brave.
Todd Boehly soaks it all up as feisty London derby sees late drama and red cards for Antonio Conte and Thomas Tuchel.
Dean Henderson produces one of the 'big moments' Nottingham Forest boss Steve Cooper is looking for to ensure the club's first Premier League home game in 23 years ends in victory.
Economic collapse and a U-turn on girls' education are the hallmarks of Taliban rule this past year.
Lyse Doucet reports from Afghanistan on what the Taliban's takeover has meant for its people.
Afghan contractors left behind when the Taliban seized power tell the BBC they feel betrayed.
The bivalent vaccine will now form part of the booster campaign to be rolled out this autumn.
Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak are in Perth to pitch for the votes of Scottish Tory members at a hustings.
Deputy President William Ruto was the underdog in the race for the presidency.
Boris Johnson will be kept informed of "urgent issues" while he is away, Downing Street says.
The Labour leader tells the BBC his proposal to freeze energy prices for all is a good use of public money.
Warnings of travel disruption and flooding - but drought restrictions remain in place in many areas.
The scheme means products such as clothes, shoes and foods will benefit from lower or zero tariffs.
The Spider-Man: Homecoming star says Instagram and Twitter can be "detrimental" to his mental health.
The ex-New York mayor, due to testify this week, dismissed the inquiry as politically motivated.
The Home Office says the technology can warn 85% of the population of life-threatening events.
It means a daily limit on departing passengers will now apply until after the October half-term holidays.
UK Health Security Agency says clinics could run out of vaccine supplies by the end of August.
Former Liverpool and Scotland midfielder Graeme Souness says he does not regret calling football a "man's game" despite criticism.
Great Britain's Eilish McColgan claims silver in the women's 10,000m at the European Championships as Turkey's Yasemin Can wins in Munich.
A Covid jab that targets two strains of Covid in a world-first leads Tuesday's headlines.
Lucy was diagnosed with ADHD at 22 years of age, after being told she'd have to wait two years on the NHS.
Buddhist monks oversee huge restoration of their temple which is located in a house in Edinburgh.
Images of Sahib won the hearts of many online after becoming Burberry's first children’s model to wear a patka.
Fleur East, Kym Marsh and Tony Adams on the BBC One dancing competition.
Sprinter Ricardo Dos Santos published a series of video tweets of him being pulled over and questioned by police.
Younger generations learn about the horror behind the partition of British India through tattoos.
Dozens of people have died, including children, after a fire at a Coptic church in Giza.
Starbucks is fighting efforts by workers in the US to unionise. Is it winning?
Families count the cost of the latest round of fighting between Israel and Palestinian militants.
As the cost of animal care spirals, charities are going to extreme lengths to help families keep their pets.
From big artists to huge cultural moments, 1Xtra "has represented black culture" for 20 years.
In a "sign to the world that Ukraine can win", football is returning in the country, but one player describes his worries.
Heavy rain might seem ideal now for parched areas of the UK, but scientists warn it's a hazard.
Labour is calling for the cap on energy prices to be frozen in October, as big rises loom.
What are the big issues likely to be for Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak at the Tory hustings in Perth?
A property developer has made millions from social housing, a BBC Panorama investigation reveals.
Fifteen Scots with learning disabilities and autism have been living in hospitals for 20 years.
A degree can be valuable in many ways. Here is a look at some of the financial pros and cons.
A campaign group says it has been "inundated" with messages about nurseries going out of business suddenly.
With millions of bags and suitcases going missing this summer, technology may offer the solution.
For two decades, Mumbai-based Chicago Radio became synonymous with India's freedom struggle.
Edinburgh festival performers take to camper vans and tents to escape high accommodation costs.
Nunez's moment of headbutt madness shows short fuse he must cut out as Liverpool miss the mark.
Andy Murray sets up a meeting with fellow Briton Cameron Norrie with a gutsy win over fellow veteran Stan Wawrinka in the Cincinnati Open.
Who has a shimmy George Best would be proud of? Who made saves he had no right to make? Who stood out in a classic London derby? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
Briton Anthony Joshua says he knows Oleksandr Usyk's "tricks" as he prepares to face the Ukrainian again in their heavyweight world title fight.
Watch Great Britain's Eilish McColgan win silver in the women's 10,000m final behind Yasemin Can who took gold at the European Championships in Munich.
Britain's Emma Raducanu says it is a "great gift" to play Serena Williams for the first time, with the pair meeting in Cincinnati on Tuesday.
Lyse Doucet reports from Afghanistan on what the Taliban's takeover has meant for its people.
The hardline Islamist group retook control of Afghanistan as foreign forces pulled out in 2021.
Economic collapse and a U-turn on girls' education are the hallmarks of Taliban rule this past year.
Ashraf Ghani and Hamid Karzai both criticised the rushed US withdrawal from Afghanistan last year.
After a decades-long campaign, more than 4,000 people across the UK will get interim payments.
Police say the man, believed to be in his 80s, died at the scene after being attacked in Ealing.
Liz Cheney's top challenger was picked by Donald Trump, illustrating the competing sides of the party.
Experts behind the project claim the technology for "de-extinction" already exists, but others are sceptical.
The Tory leadership hopeful said Britons lacked the "application" of foreign citizens, leaked audio suggests.
The average 16 to 24-year-old watches TV for 53 minutes a day compared with nearly six hours for over-65s.
College of Policing publishes new guidance to "bring consistency" to dealing with police misconduct.
Henry Reese, who was moderator at the event where the author was stabbed, speaks to the BBC.
The government says schools must stay open five days a week, despite soaring winter fuel costs.
An arms depot is hit a week after an apparent Ukrainian attack on another military base in Crimea.
Ministers were told the Rwandan regime tortures opponents weeks before the first flight was due to go.
The MoD says the flight was a "routine operation" over international waters in the Arctic Circle.
Great Britain's Dina Asher-Smith pulls up with cramp in the European women's 100m after Olympic champion Lamont Marcell Jacobs won the men's race in Munich.
As Europe looks for alternatives to Russian energy, the UK is set to get an LNG delivery from Australia.
The singer, 41, starred on 2002 talent show Pop Idol before having a string of hits and stage roles.
The government is in a row with the EU over the UK's membership of the €100bn Horizon research programme.
Cyclists facing speed limits and the death of singer Darius Campbell Danesh leads Wednesday's papers.
Around the world people are adapting to high food prices, sometimes by changing what they eat.
The film and TV industry is switching towards greener energy sources but the transition has challenges.
The news comes a year after he revealed he had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
A deaf man says he is lucky to be alive after a gas bottle exploded while he was camping.
Paintings by Dumfries artist Chris Fergusson were discovered in her grandson's home after he died.
Heather James spoke to BBC Breakfast about how her family owe it to her daughter to enjoy life.
Rapper Jack Harlow and Eurovision winners Måneskin will be at the MTV Video Music Awards instead.
The church was submerged by the creation of Ladybower Reservoir in the 1940s.
Your own personal inflation rate could be higher than official figures suggest.
Thousands of rail workers are striking in August in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions.
More than a million students are waiting for results decided by the first exams since the pandemic.
Around 20,500 Jews out of an estimated 165,000 Russian Jews, have moved from to Israel since March.
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at its highest rate for 40 years.
Punjabi Lehar is helping reunite those who were separated by India's partition in 1947.
BBC Panorama reveals evidence suggesting the FCA could have acted earlier before a fund collapsed.
Afghan contractors left behind when the Taliban seized power tell the BBC they feel betrayed.
More young people are being drawn into county lines drugs gangs for the money, a charity warns.
As the cost of animal care spirals, charities are going to extreme lengths to help families keep their pets.
Fearlessness has been at the heart of England's revival in Test cricket, but South Africa will provide a fascinating examination, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Rangers' hopes of ending their 12-year absence from the Champions League group stage are in the balance after an enthralling draw with PSV Eindhoven.
Watch as Great Britain's Daryll Neita wins bronze as team-mate Dina Asher-Smith pulls up with cramp in the women's 100m final at the European Championships in Munich.
Tottenham complete £15m signing of Udinese defender Destiny Udogie but agree to loan him back to the Serie A side for the remainder of the season.
The smile returned to Jos Buttler's face on Tuesday night - and it won't be long before he enjoys sustained success as a captain, say Steven Finn and Heather Knight.
Great Britain's mixed 4x200m freestyle relay quartet claim gold at the European Aquatics Championships after teenager Medi Harris wins women's 100m backstroke silver.
Toulouse Olympique's Corey Norman is banned for eight Super League matches after he "intentionally placed a hand between the buttocks of an opposing player".
Prices climb 10.1% in the year to July as the cost of food, household goods and holidays soars.
A Met Office warning of storms and flash flooding for the South East continues for the next few hours.
Police say the attack on Thomas O'Halloran, 87, in west London was an act of unprovoked violence.
The four militants were identified because of arrests years earlier at an English Defence League counter-protest.
Isolating from pets when infected and disposing of rubbish carefully is important, health experts say.
The officer was reportedly pressured to hire more women and ethnic minorities rather than white men.
A director of the UK's energy watchdog quits over the way the energy price cap will be set.
Salma al-Shehab, a Leeds University PhD student, called for reforms and the release of activists.
The High Court says some of the advice given to ministers must be disclosed as part of a major case.
The ex-Manchester United and Wales star tells trial he was scared when he spent a night in a cell.
The singer faces charges of child pornography and obstructing justice in his second federal trial.
A coroner in Maidstone rules Mati Urb's death on a family holiday to the Kent coast was an accident.
British number one Emma Raducanu produces another eye-catching display as she thrashes Victoria Azarenka less than 24 hours after beating Serena Williams.
Thursday's newspapers are dominated by the news UK inflation has risen to double digits.
Hazel Shearing looks at the options - in a minute - if your A-levels weren't what you were hoping for.
He was tracked down after stealing a bag in the background of a live interview on the beach.
Vehicles struggled to make their way through flooded roads as a Met Office amber warning was issued.
Watch the moment Great Britain's Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix seals 10m platform gold at the European Aquatics Championships in Rome.
The container was found at the Grade I listed Whitfield Tabernacle in South Gloucestershire.
Videos of two foil surfers whizzing along the city's busiest canal have sparked outrage online.
The month-long event ends early after almost 50 of the handmade flowers are stolen or damaged.
The animal was close to drowning before being spotted by a dog walker who called the RSPCA.
A mural of Joy Division's Ian Curtis was painted over with an advert for Manchester MC Aitch's album.
Around the world people are adapting to high food prices, sometimes by changing what they eat.
Marine mammal specialists and helpers managed to slide the mammal back into the water in Shetland.
Henry Reese, who was moderator at the event where the author was stabbed, speaks to the BBC.
For the first time, new dolls feature a hearing aid, prosthetic limb, wheelchair and skin condition.
His father's murder sent him spiralling towards a life of crime. Now Leon Edwards has the chance to become a UFC world champion.
Thousands of rail workers are striking in August in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions.
People living in disused buildings can save on rent, while owners are reassured the property is occupied.
Charlie and Craig Reid say their new album, Dentures Out, is their most political one in years.
The Pop Idol star, who went on to have a series of chart and West End hits, died at the age of 41.
The sixth-and-final season of Netflix's Breaking Bad spin-off came to an end on Tuesday.
Your own personal inflation rate could be higher than official figures suggest.
Punjabi Lehar is helping reunite Indian and Pakistanis who were separated by the partition in 1947.
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at its highest rate for 40 years.
Newsreader Charlene White says her time on Radio 1Xtra inspired her to tell stories that matter.
England are put under huge pressure by some tremendous South Africa bowling before rain wipes out most of the first day of the first Test at Lord's.
Watch as Sweden's Jesper Hellstrom slips and goes head-first during the triple jump final at the European Championships in Munich.
Alex Hales provides another timely reminder of his ability and power with 59 off 29 balls, while Jason Roy again falls cheaply in The Hundred.
British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe wants to buy Manchester United if the Glazer family put the club up for sale.
Watch highlights as South Africa's bowlers reduce England to 116-6 before rain stops play on day one of the first Test at Lord's.
Great Britain's Matt Hudson-Smith defends his men's 400m title at the European Championships as team-mate Alex Haydock-Wilson claims bronze in Munich.
European football market made "a significant recovery" in 2020-21, says finance company Deloitte.
More and more people will get sick as they choose between skipping meals or heating homes, the warning says.
About 36% of grades are A* and A – with most applicants assured of university or college place.
António Guterres makes the warning during a summit with Ukrainian President Zelensky in Lviv.
Police say Owami Davies, who has been missing for six weeks, could appear dazed or confused.
Passengers trying to use the app to prove their vaccination status were earlier told it was unavailable.
Deaths are reported in France, Austria and Italy in violent storms after weeks of heat and drought.
US scientists have discovered a low-cost method for destroying chemicals associated with cancer.
An accuser at R. Kelly's trial alleged he had sex with her 'hundreds' of times before she turned 18.
Researchers say a genetic modification that boosts plant growth could help alleviate global food shortages.
Police tell parents to be "extra vigilant" as they appeal for help to find a man seen on CCTV.
Divers explore the wreck of the USS Jacob Jones for the first time after it was sunk in 1917.
The decision comes amid a tense fight between Starbucks and labour organisers.
Newly-wed Robert Kaweesi, from Birmingham, has been missing in Uganda since Wednesday.
Friday's headlines include A-level results day, and reports of a plan to hire more foreign carers.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The BBC's Abdujalil Abdurasulov joins a team guiding Ukraine's attacks on the war's front line.
The singer’s new single, Somebody, is his first song since finishing second at Eurovision in May.
A selection of the best photos from across Africa and beyond this week.
Zoe and Ben Sullivan explain how they've been cutting costs as the family’s energy and fuel bills double.
Heavy rainfall this week has caused flooding across parts of England, Scotland and Wales.
Russ Edwards climbed Blackpool Tower's flagpole for a "once-in-a-lifetime" photo at the town's air show.
Other politicians suggest Sanna Marin takes a drug test - she insists she only drank alcohol.
Firefighters tackling bushfires found an injured anteater in a scorched protected area.
The government's tax agency is encouraging a new generation of alcohol drinkers.
One of the UK's richest men, Sir Jim has built a multi-billion pound business by buying unloved assets.
The mum of an American journalist beheaded by the Islamic State met her son's killer to forgive him.
Comedian Matt Forde says a crying infant "derailed" his performance at the Edinburgh Fringe.
While there are benefits to ending the week at home, Friday after work drinks could be fizzling out.
The war in Ukraine has prompted Latvia to crack down on support for the Kremlin.
From recycling props to melting down materials, the film industry is making efforts to be less wasteful.
Manjula Patel serves traditional Gujarati vegetarian dishes at her popular restaurant, Manju's.
Ministers say they are drawing up plans in case there is a radioactive emergency at the Zaporizhzhia site.
Nasa astronaut Nicole Aunapu Mann will travel to the International Space Station in September.
Three children's homes shut after a BBC investigation and two teenage ex-residents speak out.
A trailblazer in her field, she was the first Asian designer to break into French haute couture.
For the first time, new dolls feature a hearing aid, prosthetic limb, wheelchair and skin condition.
England are clinging on in the first Test against South Africa after a Ben Stokes-inspired fightback on day two at Lord's.
Great Britain's Jake Heyward wins silver in the 1500m and Eilish McColgan takes 5,000m bronze at the European Championships in Munich.
Cristiano Ronaldo doesn't have an obvious next destination as he considers his Manchester United future, according to the BBC Radio 5 Live Euro Leagues podcast team.
Gianluca Scamacca scores his first West Ham goal as they beat Danish side Viborg in their Europa Conference League play-off first leg.
Marco Jansen and Keshav Maharaj combine for a counter attacking 72-run partnership to give South Africa a 124-run lead on day two of the first Test at Lord's.
Joe Fraser becomes the first British man to win a European all-around title with a superb performance in Munich.
Students share their experiences as they receive their A-level results.
As A-level results are given out in Norfolk, students reflect on their pandemic-hit exam journey.
Just over 1,000 students in England are the first to complete the new qualification.
Hazel Shearing looks at the options - in a minute - if your A-levels weren't what you were hoping for.
The proportion of top grades has fallen since 2021, but remains higher than in 2019.
AQA A-level law students were given the wrong advance information for one of their exams.
A degree can be valuable in many ways. Here is a look at some of the financial pros and cons.
Molly Hannaway from Foyle College in Londonderry says she is thrilled to have obtained four A*s.
Ucas Deputy Chair Edward Peck gives some advice on the clearing process.
How do they work across the UK, what can I borrow and when do I have to start paying it back?
The former cabinet minister accuses Liz Truss of taking a "holiday from reality" with her tax plans.
Elshafee El Sheikh, 34, was found guilty in April of kidnapping and supporting a terrorist group.
Russia captured the Zaporizhzhia facility in March and is accused of using it as a military base.
Sanna Marin was speaking to reporters after videos showed her partying with celebrities.
We hear from young people finding it hard to afford their rent, as well as a landlord facing rising costs.
Experts say the unusual weather has triggered a 'false autumn' as trees struggle to cope with drought.
Vanessa Bryant is seeking millions for emotional distress over photos taken at the accident site.
Western officials reveal the impact of recent Ukrainian strikes on the Russian-occupied peninsula.
The militant group al-Shabab says it is "shooting everyone" at the Hayat Hotel in Mogadishu.
Meta removes influencer Andrew Tate from its platforms for violating its policies.
Josephine Tewson played Hyacinth Bucket's nervous neighbour Elizabeth in the 1990s TV sitcom.
Great Britain's Dina Asher-Smith has to settle for silver after Switzerland's Mujinga Kambundji proves too strong in the 200m final at the European Championships in Munich.
The Ethiopian Airlines pilots dozed off at 37,000ft but woke to land the plane, an aviation journal says.
Michael Gove criticises Tory frontrunner Liz Truss' policies, which come under scrutiny in Saturday's papers.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
A 79-year-old who moved from Lahore to Jalandhar in 1947 recalls the long, painful journey.
Magdalena Martínez tells the BBC how she feels about leaving the island she grew up on.
Indian soldier Chandrashekhar Harbola went missing in 1984 during an operation in the Siachen glacier.
Comics who have found viral fame talk about making the leap into real-life performance at Edinburgh.
After becoming a tourist attraction in Oslo, a travelling walrus was killed. Was that right?
In the Taliban strongholds of southern Afghanistan, there's peace but not without problems.
Cancellations and no-shows - how industrial action on transport is affecting the hospitality business.
Students receiving their A-level results speak about the struggles of studying during a pandemic.
Conductor Jules Buckley says the show will take a journey from the church to the top of the charts.
Thousands of transport workers are striking in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK.
Misuzulu ka Zwelithini is set to take the throne months after royals launched a legal challenge.
Uncrewed surface vessel Maxlimer surveys the underwater Hunga-Tonga seamount that erupted in January.
In the past month, 21 ships have left Ukraine's ports laden with grain. A lot is going to Ethiopia.
Manchester United reach an agreement with Real Madrid to sign Brazil midfielder Casemiro in a deal worth up to £70m.
Watch GB's Zharnel Hughes win gold in the men's 200m at the European Championships with compatriot Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake taking silver.
Ben Stokes says England will not change their style despite being thrashed by South Africa in the first Test.
British challenger Anthony Joshua weighs in 23lbs heavier than Oleksandr Usyk for their heavyweight rematch on Saturday night in Saudi Arabia.
Manchester United agree a deal to sign Real Madrid midfielder Casemiro. Guillem Balague tells United fans what to expect.
Chelsea are in talks to extend manager Thomas Tuchel's contract, who currently runs until 2024.
Workers at Felixstowe, which handles half the country's container cargo, will walk out for eight days.
Kwasi Kwarteng, an ally of Tory leadership candidate Liz Truss, says the Treasury is "working on options".
Briton Anthony Joshua's bid to recapture the unified heavyweight titles ends in disappointment as Oleksandr Usyk produces a terrific performance to win by split decision in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
At least 12 people were killed after al-Shabab militants took hostages in the popular Mogadishu hotel.
A car carrying Aleksandr Dugin's daughter exploded on the outskirts of Moscow, say Russian media reports.
Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson wins her first major outdoor title as she claims gold in the women's 800m at the European Championships.
The industrial action, which follows weeks of walkouts in England and Wales, would start on 5 September.
The attack on the Black Sea fleet in Sevastopol is the latest in a string of strikes against Russia.
In the two fatal incidents in Turkey, emergency crews are hit while attending to earlier crashes.
Lewis Jones, 23, from Liverpool, is remanded into custody to appear before crown court in September.
Hope Rescue says the situation is the worst it has seen since it opened 17 years ago.
Jurgen Klopp believes Liverpool should be awarded the points if their Premier League match against Manchester United is postponed over fan protests.
One flat-sharing website says it has seen a 239% increase in older people seeking shared accommodation.
Many of Sunday's papers tackle the cost of living crisis, from its impact on the polls to food waste.
Kate Jayden, from Derbyshire, finished her final run on 15 April, despite suffering a broken knee.
In Zulu, Amapiano literally means “the pianos” and it's a blend of house, kwaito, jazz, and lounge music.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Ulster Transport Museum's new exhibition explores the sport's rich history here since the 1960s.
Destroyed Russian military vehicles are on display in Kyiv, ahead of Ukraine's Independence Day.
"I'm owning my truths," says the star, whose new album takes aim at the press and the music business.
Hosepipe bans are in place or due to come into force across much of England and Wales.
South Africa is on the brink of legalising cannabis, but many traditional growers feel left out.
They can't vote in general elections, but teen Tories are having a say on their next party leader.
What is helping purveyors of bread and cake bake back better?
Greece promotes its lesser-known holiday destinations, but do locals embrace the trend?
Green Vinyl Records is taking the vinyl out of vinyl to offer more environmentally-friendly LPs.
Arsenal look like a team reborn as three straight wins send them top - with Aaron Ramsdale saying their change in mentality has been "crazy" - so just how far can the Gunners go?
Match of the Day pundit Martin Keown analyses Oleksandr Zinchenko's impressive display for Arsenal in their 3-0 win against Bournemouth.
Coach Brendon McCullum believes Zak Crawley "can win matches for England" despite the opener going 14 Test innings without a half-century.
Tottenham 'lucky' to have Harry Kane but how many records will he break and can he be the Premier League's greatest ever goalscorer?
Watch as Olympic, World and Commonwealth Games silver medallist Keely Hodgkinson wins gold for Britain in the women's 800m at the European Championships.
Watch as Great Britain's James Hall, Joe Fraser, Jake Jarman, Courtney Tulloch and Giarnni Regini-Moran win gold in the artistic gymnastics men's team final at the European Championships in Munich.
"This needs to stop," the boxer says, as two are arrested over Rico Burton's stabbing in Altrincham.
How homes can get discounts if they use less electricity at peak times are close to being announced.
Schools now have to take unnecessary logos off uniforms, but so far not all parents are benefitting.
Great Britain finish with 60 medals at the European Championships, while a further 27 are won at the European Aquatics Championships.
Comedian Masai Graham wins Dave's Funniest Joke of the Fringe award for a second time.
Britain, France, Germany and the US stress the need for nuclear safety as fighting rages in Ukraine.
Some water firms fail to install devices that measure storm overflows, according to the Lib Dems.
Investigators say the former leader made threats against state officials following a political rally.
Scotland's first minister says all options should be on the table to tackle crisis in energy costs.
Darya Dugina died in car bombing that may have targeted her father, philosopher Alexander Dugin.
Anthony Joshua says he let himself down with his bizarre post-fight antics after losing to Ukraine's Oleksandr Usyk on Saturday.
Great Britain win men's 4x100m gold at the European Championships after 1500m world champion Jake Wightman wins 800m silver.
Monday's papers carry developments in the cost of living crisis and Tyson Fury's calls for a crackdown.
Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney are the real-life stars of Welcome to Wrexham, a documentary series about their first season as football club owners
When police in Texas offered to buy back unwanted firearms, gun owners of all kinds showed up.
Fringe street performers are picking litter as rubbish piles up in Edinburgh during strike action.
The legend of Wales' Atlantis has long been considered myth, but is there some truth to it?
Companies talk of how they expect the eight-day strike at the Port of Felixstowe to affect them.
The US and South Korea are doing drills to practise fighting a war against an increasingly hostile North Korea.
Hefty rewards are offered to volunteers to sign up as the army sees significant losses in Ukraine.
His daughter said the right-to-die campaigner would be "angry" that "nothing has changed".
A school for tech entrepreneurs will open its doors in April 2023 in the Tokushima town of Kamiyama.
BTec students describe the stress and confusion of being left in limbo by delays to their results.
Fierce rivals Manchester United and Liverpool meet at Old Trafford on Monday after underwhelming starts to the season by both clubs.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer says these are exciting times for Newcastle - and that they could be the best of the rest in the Premier League this season.
Watch the best of Sunday's Hundred action as Norther Superchargers hosted Manchester Originals at Headingley.
Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel will leave Elland Road feeling grounded after his side's disappointing defeat, writes Alistair Magowan.
South Africa's Laura Wolvaardt makes a masterful, unbeaten 90 as Northern Superchargers complete a record chase in the Women's Hundred against Manchester Originals.
Watch as Great Britain break the championship record to win gold in the men's 4x100m relay on the final day of the European Championships in Munich.
Watch highlights as Borussia Dortmund surrender a two-goal lead after 89 minutes to lose 3-2 to Werder Bremen in injury time.
Watch as Armenian diver Vladimir Harutyunyan has an afternoon to forget with two crash landings at the European Aquatics Championships in Rome.
Jagtar Singh Johal, a Sikh activist from Scotland, was seized by Indian police in 2017 and remains in jail.
Vladimir Putin calls the 29-year-old's death a "vile, cruel crime" but Ukraine denies any involvement.
The lawsuit asks that "further review of seized materials" be halted until a watchdog can be appointed.
Energy experts warn of supply risks this winter - but ministers insist there will be no blackouts.
The billionaire has subpoenaed Twitter's co-founder in hope it will help him end his deal to buy the site.
The government says companies are responsible but ministers also face accusations of failing to act.
Up to six million people with extra costs will receive the additional cash sum, amid rising prices.
An indefinite, uninterrupted strike over pay will begin in England and Wales next month.
Police say the 24-year-old has no money left on her Oyster card and no access to phone or bank cards.
The event is traditionally the grand finale of the Edinburgh International Festival.
She has fronted the hit ITV2 show for three series following the death of presenter Caroline Flack.
A forecast from economists that inflation could hit 18% is a focus for several of Tuesday's national newspapers.
The US space agency is getting ready to go back to the Moon with the test flight of it’s most powerful ever rocket.
All passengers and crew were rescued before the 40-metre vessel disappeared into the sea.
Scientists will look at whether diseases such as Alzheimer's can be alleviated using the same method.
The Cambridges are said to want as normal an upbringing as possible for their children.
A video showing officers doing the Macarena at the Lincoln event attracted social media criticism.
There were cheers as PM Lee Hsien Loong announced the decision, but some say not much will change.
The student nurse was last seen nearly 30 miles from her home more than six weeks ago.
Water companies have been releasing raw sewage at popular British seaside resorts.
Singapore's historic decision to decriminalise homosexuality has opened a fresh chapter of contention.
As industrial action enters a third day, why are union members at the UK's busiest port walking out?
Grandchildren of partition survivors on how stories about the traumatic event have affected them.
The wife of a motorcyclist gets justice after funding her own investigation into her husband's death.
Legendary striker Ellen White has left her mark on English football - this is how she will be remembered.
A typical household bill is now predicted to reach more than £4,500 in January.
The infectious disease specialist became the most famous doctor in the US during the pandemic.
Thousands of workers across different industries are planning to go on strike - so what will the effect be?
Students awaiting BTec result say the stress and uncertainty is making them regret doing the courses.
Kenya's losing presidential candidate must now wait for his petition to heard in court. Does it have merit?
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag shows courage of convictions as his side lift mood of crisis to beat Liverpool.
Liverpool's winless start to the season continued with a disappointing loss at Manchester United but is there a quick fix or are the results a real cause for concern?
Manchester United's win over Liverpool is "just the start" of a new era at the club, says manager Erik ten Hag.
Southern Brave's George Garton says he is still feeling the effects of long Covid seven months on and has had to "learn to breathe again".
Match of the Day 2 pundits and former Premier League strikers Jermain Defoe and Alan Shearer discuss the role of the number nine in today's game.
Who provides the same air of expectancy as David Ginola? Who should be playing on the European stage? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
Marizanne Kapp explains to BBC Sport why the growth of women's cricket has vindicated her teenage decision to focus on the sport.
Olivia Pratt-Korbel was shot as she stood behind her mother who was fighting to close the front door.
As Ukrainians mark 31 years of independence, the threat they face from Moscow will test their spirit.
Researchers say two-thirds of the continent is under some sort of drought warning.
Many households are feeling the pinch of higher prices, but which sectors are benefitting from them?
The dugong, a relative of the fabled manatee, has been declared functionally extinct in the region.
"Several people were freaking out," said one traveller, after a Calais to Folkestone train was evacuated.
The man had begged to be euthanised after being partially paralysed in a police shootout in Spain.
Photos posted on social media appear to show metal cages being built in Mariupol's concert hall.
The 27-year-old was shot after a struggle with two officers who were trying to arrest him.
Rico Burton was stabbed outside a bar in Altrincham in the early hours of Sunday morning, police say.
The student nurse, who left her home in Essex more than seven weeks ago, is found in Hampshire.
Ex-security chief appears to echo claims by Elon Musk over the number of fake accounts on its site.
The shooting of nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel at her home in Liverpool dominates the front pages.
Steve Vamos of accounting software firm Xero shares his business advice for the CEO Secrets series.
Members of one of Ukraine’s top rock bands, Antytila, are among thousands of civilians fighting against Russia.
The band play the Kalush Orchestra's Stefania - the 2022 winning song - on behalf of the UK Armed Forces.
Around 60 tracks from the predator Acrocanthosaurus have been revealed for the first time in 22 years.
Satellite images show extent of severe drought along the Yangtze River in China
A man is arrested after a vehicle is pulled up a staircase by firefighters in Plaza Eliptica station.
The Bedfordshire zoo says it uses "creative tactics" to entice its 10,000 residents to get measured.
The sale of a popular conservative Spanish station comes as Republicans and Democrats vie for Latino votes.
More payments to help with the cost of living will be paid later in the year as bills soar.
One of Britain's best athletes of the 1950s and '60s was held back by rules of the day - but nobody would stop the 'Ghost Runner'.
Manchester's poster boy looks back dizzying rise to fame, as he eyes his first ever number one album.
Six months since the start of the war, Ukrainian forces are trying to push back Russian troops in the south.
Doctors treating migrants crossing the jungle in the Darien Gap describe their patients' desperation.
Students are waiting for their GCSE exam results following two years of disruption due to Covid.
Fans praise Wrexham FC's celebrity owners ahead of new reality show which puts "underdog" in spotlight.
The UN human rights office warns that Ukrainian POWs being put on trial could constitute a war crime.
Premier League newcomers Fulham fall to a shock Carabao Cup second-round defeat at League Two Crawley Town.
Manchester City and England midfielder Jill Scott announces her retirement from football.
Watching teenage all-rounder Alice Capsey is like witnessing a star destined for the very top, says BBC Sport's Matthew Henry.
Leicester keeper Daniel Iversen saves three penalties to earn the Foxes a tense Carabao Cup shootout win against Stockport County.
Moeen Ali's huge six goes for a brilliant crowd catch during The Hundred match between Oval Invincibles and Birmingham Phoenix at The Oval.
A fan who Nick Kyrgios said was "drunk out of her mind" during the Wimbledon final is taking legal action against the Australian tennis player.
Britain's mountain bike cross-country world champion Evie Richards on the mental and physical issues she overcame to reach the summit of her sport.
Convicted drug dealer Joseph Nee, who was shot as he ran into Olivia Pratt-Korbel's home, is detained.
A deadly attack on passenger carriages and a warning of disaster mark six months since Russia's invasion.
Results aim to reflect a midway point between the highs of 2021 and the last pre-Covid year, 2019.
Britain's biggest energy supplier will offer more grants for those in need, amid rising prices.
Dates to look out for over the next few months that might have an impact on your finances.
Pete Arredondo has been much criticised for officers' 77-minute delay in confronting the teen gunman.
Vanessa Bryant was suing LA County for emotional distress over photos from the 2020 crash site.
Passengers may be underestimating impact of flying as Google excludes some emissions from online tool.
The BBC said the then-Newsnight host broke impartiality rules with remarks about Dominic Cummings.
The gold medallist could not revive Rab Wardell after he suffered a cardiac arrest in bed beside her.
The PM says the West must "stay the course" on Ukraine despite rising living costs on a trip to Kyiv.
Most hospital patients and care home residents will no longer be tested unless they fall sick.
Rangers will play at European football's top table for the first time in more than a decade after stunning PSV Eindhoven to reach the Champions League group stage.
The PMs visit to Ukraine and the killing of Olivia Pratt-Korbel in Liverpool leads the front pages.
Students are waiting for GCSE exam results following two years of disruption due to Covid.
Dr Roberto Anfosso and Ambra make house calls around the village of La Morra in the Piedmont region.
The pilot scheme will run in eastern Europe to help combat disinformation about Ukrainian refugees.
British-Belgian teen flew through sandstorms and spent the night on an uninhabited island to break record.
Keepers said the Asian elephant's arrival was a massive success for conservation of the species.
Tourists say the smell is becoming hard to bear in Edinburgh's streets a week into the 12-day strike.
Five years after millions of Rohingyas fled genocide in Myanmar, they continue to live in perilous conditions.
There have been seven killings in Liverpool and London since July, with shootings rising in Merseyside.
The legendary DJ is leaving Radio 1, the station that has been his home since he joined in 1998.
Students across England, Wales and Northern Ireland are waiting for their GCSE results.
While tens of millions will benefit from loan relief, the plan has critics on both sides of the aisle.
After years of reluctance, Delhi is signing several free trade deals. But will it help local businesses?
Togo is the latest country to buy the drones, which have proven their usefulness around the world.
Letting staff choose when to take bank holidays boosts work-life balance and productivity, some firms say.
The air force is investigating allegations of unacceptable behaviour within the Red Arrows.
PSV were profligate, but that will matter little to resolute Rangers as they look forward to Champions League groups, writes Tom English.
Premier League champions Manchester City will host Chelsea in the third round of the Carabao Cup.
We are seeing more sixes and higher scores in this year's women's Hundred - but is that because the boundaries are too small?
A much-changed Newcastle side come from behind to beat Tranmere in the Carabao Cup.
Watch the moment Welsh Fire's Ben Duckett makes an incredible mid-air save over the boundary to prevent London Spirit's Ben McDermott scoring a six.
Formula 1 president Stefano Domenicali does not expect a woman to race at the top level of the sport in the next five years.
Retired England midfielder Jill Scott says she would like to take up a coaching role in the national set-up, but admits she will need to "get a bit more organised first".
Regulator Ofgem will announce a new price cap within hours, adding hundreds of pounds to bills from October.
As the latest energy price cap is announced, BBC News speaks to a struggling former care worker.
The Russian-occupied Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant was briefly reliant on back up power, Ukraine says.
Hackers are selling classified documents online after obtaining data belonging to missile maker MBDA.
Labour accuses the foreign secretary of a "woeful lack of judgement" and insulting a close UK ally.
The star teams up with Sir Elton John for a dance version of his 1971 classic Tiny Dancer.
Staff will strike on Friday and three further days, with delays expected to deliveries.
A redacted version of the affidavit used to justify the Mar-a-Lago investigation will be released on Friday.
As Europe frets over energy, Russia is burning off millions of dollars worth of natural gas everyday.
Olivia Pratt-Korbel's family pay tribute to their "chatty little girl" and appeal for information.
The men, aged 62 and 51, are charged with offences including directing a terrorist organisation.
Medics say they do not believe the injuries are life-threatening or life-changing.
Since Brexit, asylum seekers who arrive from a "safe third country" can be returned.
The rise in the energy price cap, expected to soar to more than £3,500, leads many front pages.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Millions of Year 11 students collect their GCSE results after sitting the first exams for three years.
A campaign has been launched to allow pop-up campsites to open longer, as camping popularity soars.
A woman approached the health secretary during an interview, accusing him of doing nothing about ambulance delays.
Scientists say the advance could improve understanding on how organs form and why pregnancies fail.
Some Americans turn to Mexican women for abortion help, but all are treading on shaky legal ground.
European gas prices are now about 10 times higher than their average level over the past decade.
Giorgia Meloni aims to be Italy's first female PM and vehemently rejects any link to fascism.
Serena Williams' first Grand Slam title - in the late New York summer of 1999 - tells the story of what was to come for her.
The US band's British unofficial fourth member reflects on their historic Reading set 30 years ago.
Iryna Bilous and Nika Avayan fled their homes but are now at the world's largest gaming conference.
Just like A-level students, these pupils experienced months of disruption during formative years.
Residents told BBC Scotland about their methods for storing waste during the city bin strike.
Liverpool and Rangers will meet in the Champions League group stage, while Manchester City's Erling Haaland is set to face his old club Borussia Dortmund.
James Anderson praises a "brilliantly intelligent" innings from opener Zak Crawley on the first day of the second Test against South Africa.
Britain's Emma Raducanu is handed a tough start against France's Alize Cornet as she returns to New York to defend her US Open title.
Ten-man Hearts' Europa League dreams are over after being beaten FC Zurich - but they will still play group stage football for the first time since 2005.
Watch highlights as England bowl South Africa out for 151 on the first day of the second Test at Old Trafford.
Novak Djokovic says he will be unable to travel to New York for the US Open, which begins on Monday.
Dates to look out for over the next few months that might have an impact on your finances.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what support is available?
Colletta Smith tells you - in a minute - about money available to help with rising energy costs.
As households find out how much their energy bills will rise, BBC News gets reaction in Ipswich.
Energy bills are set to rise sharply in October, when a new price cap is introduced.
More payments to help with the cost of living will be paid later in the year as bills soar.
Many households are feeling the pinch of higher prices, but which sectors are benefiting from them?
The typical household energy bill will hit £3,549, prompting concern for people's health this winter.
A second man is arrested on suspicion of murder after the shooting of nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel in Liverpool.
Top secret files were kept at Mar-a-Lago along with assorted newspapers and magazines, say investigators.
Rescue workers took the brothers, aged seven and nine, to hospital but they did not survive.
The massive discovery was made during building work on a house in Pombal in central Portugal.
The UK group swagger their way through Friday's headline set instead of Rage Against the Machine.
The French president warns of "problems" after Liz Truss doubted if he was "friend or foe".
Moderna said it is suing Pfizer and its German partner BioNTech for patent infringement.
But the Liberal Democrats call the plans a "cruel joke" pointing to higher bills for consumers.
A survey of more than 1,000 Ukrainians finds the number in work and with bank accounts has increased.
Sublime centuries from Ben Stokes and Ben Foakes help England take charge of the second Test against South Africa after two days at Emirates Old Trafford.
Russia is burning off millions of dollars in gas every day at a plant near the Finnish border.
Emma Raducanu plays down an uncomfortable practice session in New York, saying she just had "one of those weird days" before she begins her US Open title defence.
Warnings about the impact of the energy price hike on families and calls for government action lead the papers.
One man's quest to present the historic Moon missions in a way that befits their importance.
Organiser Sara Waddell Lewinstein looks back on the first Gay Games
It's gaming's most successful racing franchise but Nintendo face various challenges to keep driving it forward.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Dawn White has renal failure and worries about the growing energy cost of her haemodialysis machine.
Two British imams met an Iranian minister hours before the decree calling for the author’s death, was issued in 1989.
Sanna Marin is facing tough criticism, but supporters say she is being treated unfairly.
The British teenager's death in 2019 has led to a three-year transatlantic row.
The two cricketing giants will take on each other in Asia Cup tournament on Sunday.
Scientists suspect a pollutant caused high salt levels, encouraging algae to flourish, suffocating fish.
Chart-topping DJ Eliza Rose speaks about the importance of small venues to get people "raving again".
England captain Ben Stokes is such a special talent that he even managed to be the centre of attention in two places at once, writes Stephan Shemilt.
England striker Ellen White says a punctured lung she suffered last year while receiving acupuncture treatment accelerated her retirement.
Watch highlights as centuries from Ben Stokes and Ben Foakes give England complete control of the second Test against South Africa after two days at Old Trafford.
Title rivals Max Verstappen and Charles Leclerc will start the Belgian Grand Prix from the back of the grid.
Oval Invincibles spinner Peter Hatzoglou says the late Shane Warne's guidance has led him to the brink of a Hundred debut at Lord's.
Everton complete the signing of striker Neal Maupay from Premier League rivals Brighton.
Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina says winning the most prestigious title of her career was "not the greatest" experience.
Colletta Smith tells you - in a minute - about money available to help with rising energy costs.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what support is available?
More payments to help with the cost of living will be paid later in the year as bills soar.
Dates to look out for over the next few months that might have an impact on your finances.
Energy bills are set to rise sharply in October, when a new price cap is introduced.
More than 1,000 people have died and millions have left their homes, with new flash floods this week.
One of the men has been recalled to prison after breaching the terms of his licence, police said.
Police say the soldiers, who were in the US for training, were found with gunshot wounds early on Saturday.
More people are turning to renewable energy as a way to cut energy costs.
Gardeners say that warmer weather is boosting the growth of figs, watermelon and other exotic plants.
The Londoner became the youngest star to headline, while Megan Thee Stallion also made new friends.
Anthony Smith tortured his baby son so badly the boy required a double leg amputation.
President Alexandar Vucic cancels the parade - but organisers insist they will go ahead.
The issue features interviews with Idris Elba, Bernadine Evaristo and Baroness Lawrence.
The man, believed to be in his 20s, was not handcuffed at the time, the Metropolitan Police say.
Olympic swimmer Rebecca Adlington found out she had lost her baby at a 12-week hospital scan.
The black 1986 RS Turbo was sold to a buyer in Cheshire following "global" interest in the car.
Sam Campbell takes the top honour and £10,000 in prize money for his show at the Edinburgh Fringe.
Union plans for coordinated industrial action and proposals for a 'nuclear' reduction in VAT lead the papers.
The extreme heat this summer has exacerbated the many hazards, leading to a sudden spike in deaths in Hungary.
Fuel prices are affecting volunteer community transport drivers helping elderly people in rural areas.
Young people spend more time on TikTok in Wales than the rest of the UK, so why is it so popular?
Lesley and Martin Croxford say it is the "end of an era" but are looking forward to retirement.
More than 70 days of extreme temperatures and low rainfall drive the country's record drought.
The Notting Hill Carnival is back for the first time since 2019 this bank holiday weekend.
Why Leon Edwards' UFC title triumph is a real-life Rocky story that sports fans will never forget.
As Boris Johnson prepares to leave office, satirists reflect on what it's like portraying the PM.
Parents discuss the biggest killer of young people, and the importance of talking.
As thousands prepare to parade through Manchester on Saturday, Hannah Davis, Laurie Williams, Lloyd Wilson and Daniel Jervis tell BBC Sport about what the Pride movement means to LGBTQ+ people in sport.
The governor-general has been dragged into a backlash over ex-PM Scott Morrison's secret ministries.
Four games, six goals and a Premier League hat-trick - is Erling Haaland the man to fire Manchester City to Champions League glory?
England produced an "amazing team performance" to beat South Africa by an innings and level the series, says captain Ben Stokes.
Arsenal won their first four Premier League games of the season for just the third time in the club's history - so how is Mikel Arteta turning them into contenders?
Harsh words were thrown Liverpool's way after the defeat by Manchester United on Monday, but they responded by sending a statement to their rivals.
Match of the Day pundit Ian Wright says Erling Haaland is a "goalscoring monster" as he analyses the striker's hat-trick for Manchester City against Crystal Palace.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen is likely to win the Belgian Grand Prix despite starting 15th, Mercedes driver George Russell says.
Many countries are heavily dependent on Russian energy and will need to find new suppliers.
The BBC meets stranded residents of one mountain valley as monster floods swamp parts of the country.
Detectives make a direct appeal to those who know the names of people behind the recent murders.
Vladimir Putin recently pledged to increase Russia's armed forces personnel by 137,000.
Police are looking into whether he took a particular type of MDMA.
Drinking reprocessed water is "perfectly safe and healthy", the Environment Agency chief tells public.
The demonstrators are calling for more environmentally friendly transport options.
Betting shops and banks are in decline but the restaurant sector is growing, new data suggests.
The profession is being equated with corruption and wrongdoing, an industry body warns.
The Tory leadership contender prefers tax cuts to direct support to tackle energy charges, her team says.
The UK's largest unions, Unite and Unison, call for a joined-up approach as they fight for better pay deals.
Sgt Gavin Hillier died while providing safety supervision during a live fire training exercise.
A total of 915 people reached Kent in 19 small boats on Saturday after crossing the Channel.
Norhtern Ireland's Rory McIlroy beats Scottie Scheffler and Sungjae Im by one shot to win third FedEx Cup.
Rising pressures on hospital budgets and warnings about coming challenges for the global economy lead the papers.
Carnival-goers delighted as Europe's largest street party is back after three years.
Champion tennis coach Rick Macci shares the moment he first saw the sisters play.
Fears mount among more than 1,000 Palestinians that Israel’s army will force them to leave their homes in the occupied West Bank.
Alice Eaton is working to restore Haddon Hall, a 16th Century stately home frequently used in films.
Ed Sheeran surprised the crowd at this year's event, joining Bring Me the Horizon on stage.
Looking back at her career from illegal raves to stadium tours, the star wonders what will come next.
A Trump administration policy barred art from leaving Guantanamo. The artists are fighting to reverse it.
Kayaker and mental health advocate Nick Ray is heading on a year-long journey into the wilderness.
Serena Williams' impending farewell and Emma Raducanu's title defence will grab most of the attention at an intriguing US Open packed with storylines.
Manchester United agree an £80m deal with Ajax for Brazil winger Antony.
Problems are mounting at Aston Villa after another defeat, but ex-Villa defender Micah Richards believes boss Steven Gerrard has the ability to turn it around.
Match of the Day 2's Micah Richards and Ashley Williams discuss how Wolves frustrated Newcastle's Allan Saint-Maximin for much of their 1-1 draw - but could do nothing about his equaliser.
With it all to play for, BBC Sport explains what results are needed for each team to progress in the men's and women's Hundred.
Manager Ange Postecoglou says his Celtic team "keep going all the time" after thumping Dundee United 9-0 in the Scottish Premiership
Ukraine is seeking to retake the southern Kherson region - but Russia says the offensive failed.
More than 1,130 have died in devastating floods triggered by the heaviest monsoon rains in a decade.
Pub and brewery bosses warn they risk closure this winter as they struggle to cope with soaring bills.
Controllers struggle to get one of the rocket's engines to cool to its correct operating temperature.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a stabbing in Ladbroke Grove on Monday evening.
Sixteen-year-old David Celino had just celebrated "fabulous" GCSE results, his family say.
Three unions say council refuse workers and school staff will go ahead with industrial action.
Britain's Andy Murray frustrated 24th seed Francisco Cerundolo to start the 10th anniversary of his US Open victory with a first-round win.
Her team says she can no longer spare the time for the programme, according to the BBC.
In a wide-ranging interview, she reflects on her time as a working member of the Royal Family.
The last member of an uncontacted indigenous group in Brazil had lived in total isolation for decades.
Moqtada al-Sadr supporters storm Iraq's presidential palace after the powerful Shia cleric retires.
Millions in tax revenue has been collected after more than 20,000 undeclared pools were found.
In one he says he would be "so hampered" by post stopping on Sunday he threatens to move away.
The EU prepares measures to curb electricity costs and thousands of pubs could close, the papers say.
Ben Gray explains why he turned his home into a bakery in lockdown.
Two thirds of Scotland's local authorities have seen bin workers walking out in a dispute over pay.
The sculpture of an 18th Century Highland laird was lost before it was found on an industrial estate.
The singer revealed details about her new record Midnights as she scooped video of the year.
Duane Hansen grew the 846lb (384kg) pumpkin in his garden with the aim to beat the 25.5 mile record.
The Rock's status was granted by Queen Victoria in 1842, but had been omitted from official records.
It's the latest in a long line of two films coming out about the same subject in the same year.
After decades of experimentation Sweden is ahead of the UK when dealing with nuclear waste.
Spain's olive oil industry is in danger after being hit by chronic water shortages.
A BBC documentary shines a light on the collusions which ended Britain's empire in the Middle East.
Serena Williams' impending farewell and Emma Raducanu's title defence will grab most of the attention at an intriguing US Open packed with storylines.
Serena Williams extends her US Open farewell after a gritty opening win on an entertaining night packed with hope and celebration in New York.
West Ham announce the "club record signing" of Brazil midfielder Lucas Paqueta from Lyon for £36.5m plus £14.4m of add-ons.
With it all to play for, BBC Sport explains what results are needed for each team to progress in the men's and women's Hundred.
Kenyan cyclist Suleiman Kangagi dies following a high-speed crash in a race in the United States on Saturday.
Watch the best action from Monday's women's and men's matches between Welsh Fire and Trent Rockets in The Hundred.
BBC Sport takes a closer look at Antony's journey from Brazil's favelas to becoming Manchester United's second-most expensive signing.
Wakefield winger Lewis Murphy runs in four tries as Trinity win at the Totally Wicked Stadium - but St Helens still seal the League Leaders' Shield.
The former president opened up the USSR but failed to prevent its collapse in 1991.
Mohammed Al Rasheed says he shared her passport details with Canada as UK police hunted for her.
The father of a 15-year-old describes the "nightmare" near three-year wait for her case to be heard.
Military experts tell the BBC the battle for the southern region could go on for months.
After Monday's postponement, the US space agency thinks it has a strategy to launch at the weekend.
Google says Truth Social violates the company's policies on prohibiting incitement to violence
Takayo Nembhard, also known as TKorStretch, was fatally stabbed at Carnival in west London.
The veteran broadcaster talks about the decision to drop him from Radio 4's Feedback after 23 years.
A advert for Persil laundry detergent has been banned for "unsubstantiated" eco claims.
Rachel DeLoache Williams says the true-life series caused "catastrophic damage" to her reputation.
The service from London will be suspended from 5 June next year to focus on "core routes".
The government says it wants to avoid rents rising up to 11% for some of England's poorest families.
People will still fly during a downturn but they will choose low-fare airlines, Michael O'Leary says.
Fatally-injured Olivia Pratt-Korbel was rushed to hospital in the back of a police car, an inquest hears.
Households want a block on energy costs and the PM is proud of delivering his promises, the papers say.
Satellite images and graphics reveal the scale of floods that have left millions homeless in Pakistan.
Scoraig in the north west Highlands has long had to make careful use of its electricity supply.
Workers are starting to "quiet quit" in a bid to get their work-life balance back.
The BBC spoke to party members in Norwich who will vote for the next leader and UK prime minister.
Prosecutors sometimes use lyrics to help charge artists with crimes, but rappers say it is racist and wrong.
Melisa Raouf is the first contender in the pageant's 94-year history to go bare-faced in the final.
Footage of a tribesman, who was the last survivor of an indigenous group in Brazil, shows him cutting down trees.
Ceola McGowan, from Sligo, cites pole dancing for improving her balance and strengthening her core.
Four people are injured after a truck overturns across a major motorway causing seven cars to crash.
As the Taliban retook Afghanistan, one elite pilot joined the militants he'd been trained to fight.
Japan has a history of being extremely slow to approve drugs related to women's reproductive health.
Ukraine says the US-made Himars missile system is changing the course of the war against Russia.
Teachers tell the BBC they are being pressured to teach according to Russia's version of history.
More than 50 ships have braved the risks to take food from Ukraine to destinations around the world.
Ukraine says US weaponry is changing the course of the war, but fears grow of a possible nuclear disaster.
As Liz Truss calls off her sit-down interview, the BBC journalist says in-depth questioning is still needed.
Six of the country's largest breweries warn pubs will have to close without help on energy costs.
Hosepipe bans are in place across much of England and parts of Wales.
It's the latest in a long line of two films coming out about the same subject in the same year.
Ukrainian forces are trying to push back Russian troops in the south.
Serena Williams admits she has been "pretty vague" about her retirement plans, fuelling doubt about whether this year's US Open will be her final tournament.
Emma Raducanu's return to the US Open - where she won the title as a qualifier last year - ends in a straight-set defeat by France's Alize Cornet in the first round.
Southampton come from behind to beat Chelsea at St Mary's and move above them in the Premier League table.
British pair Cameron Norrie and Dan Evans begin their US Open bids with routine wins over first-round opponents who could not cope with their level.
Luis Sinisterra scores his first Premier League goal for Leeds as they drew with Everton at Elland Road.
Watch the best of Tuesday's Hundred action as London Spirit hosted Birmingham Phoenix at Lord's.
With it all to play for, BBC Sport explains what results are needed for each team to progress in the men's and women's Hundred.
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg recalls his meetings with the late Mikhail Gorbachev over the past 20 years.
Former prime minister, Margaret Thatcher called their 1989 meeting "deep" and "very friendly".
His efforts to democratise his country led to the fall of communism, the end of the Cold War and the break-up of the Eastern Bloc.
The former US Secretary of State said that the people of Europe owe Gorbachev their gratitude.
The ex-Soviet leader - who was one of the 20th century's most influential figures - dies age 91.
China may be committing crimes against humanity, says a long-awaited report that it tried to stop being released.
Ovo Energy's boss has sent the government a 10-point plan to cut energy bills based on earnings.
The foreign secretary also hints she would look to provide support to firms to help with energy bills.
A medical charity says many migrants selected to be sent from the UK to Rwanda suffered traumas.
The bloc remains divided on whether to issue a total ban on entry for Russian travellers.
Families are urged to take part in the review being conducted by influential midwife Donna Ockenden.
Democrat Mary Peltola will become the first Alaskan Native to represent Alaska in Congress.
The tickets, aimed at helping the public with increasing prices, have been hailed a major success.
Kinder Scout, where walkers famously staked their claim to the countryside, grows by over 500 acres.
Boris Johnson, Matt Hancock and Dominic Cummings are likely to appear in hearings next summer.
The former Manchester United player and Wales manager was on trial after denying three charges.
The ex-Paralympian is serving a 13-year sentence for the murder of his girlfriend nine years ago.
Around 50 people are injured by hailstones that measured up to 10cm in diameter.
Earl Spencer, Princess Diana's brother, shares an image of the family home 25 years after her death.
Liz Truss is urged to deliver cost-of-living help and Ryan Giggs' trial collapses - Thursday's papers.
Mystery and wonder in this year's shortlisted images for Wildlife Photographer of the Year.
Scoraig in the north west Highlands has long had to make careful use of its electricity supply.
Satellite images and graphics reveal the scale of floods that have left millions homeless in Pakistan.
An expert says fans might have to shell out nearly £900 to fill the popular album - but do they have to?
Workers are starting to "quiet quit" in a bid to get their work-life balance back.
The popstar was 13 when she shot to fame after Justin Bieber tweeted a video of her singing.
Prosecutors sometimes use rap lyrics to help charge artists with crimes. Critics say this is racist.
An investigation into what US voters see on social media in the run-up to the midterm elections.
Forty years after Lynette Dawson went missing, an Australian court jailed her husband for murder.
The pop star on her correspondence with ABBA, her rebellious teens, and filming with Keanu Reeves.
Living through a global pandemic boosted demand for therapy as people sought help with their mental health.
Posts shared by thousands across social media wrongly suggested government advice had changed.
Mohammed Al Rasheed says he shared her passport details with Canada as UK police hunted for her.
The girl's father has described the "nightmare" of having the case postponed with just a few days' notice.
Ice in the Swiss Alps provides water for rivers, crops and the cooling of nuclear power stations.
The world's largest offshore wind farm is now fully operational, 55 miles off the coast of Yorkshire.
Teachers tell the BBC they are being pressured to teach according to Russia's version of history.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp believes Fabio Carvalho's last-gasp winner against Newcastle will be "remembered for years and years".
Erling Haaland has made an extraordinary impact in the Premier League with back to back hat-tricks for Manchester City
Andy Murray overcomes a stunning start by young American wildcard Emilio Nava to reach the US Open third round for the first time since 2016.
Open champion Cameron Smith says it will be "unfair" if LIV Golf players are not allowed to play in majors.
Match of the Day pundit and former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy discusses how 19-year-old winger Harvey Elliott "shone" for the Reds in their 2-1 win over Newcastle and says his side could save "a few quid in the market' after an impressive performance.
Police reveal two guns were used in the shooting that killed nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel.
Mr Biden says Trump supporters want to take the US backwards. Republicans say Mr Biden has betrayed America.
Both sides have warned of the risks of an accident at the plant, which is Europe's largest.
The Kremlin says the Russian leader is too busy to attend the Soviet ex-leader's funeral on Saturday.
The singer was supporting Arcade Fire on tour when frontman Win Butler was accused of misconduct.
Thousands of families in homes with community heating are not protected by the energy price cap.
One in eight men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetime.
Friends and colleagues share personal stories of Bill Turnbull who has died at the age of 66.
The platform, which is known for hosting adult content, has seen users increase since the pandemic.
RMT union members will walk out on 15 and 17 September, in a long-running dispute over pay and jobs.
Pundit Gary Neville is to be referred to the Attorney General for a social media post he uploaded during the trial of ex-Manchester United team-mate Ryan Giggs.
Thomas Webster, 56, attacked officers with a metal flagpole during the riots in January 2021.
Lisa Megginson had her transvaginal mesh tape surgically removed after years of health problems.
The products have since been removed from sale after an investigation by a consumer safety charity.
Jonathan Edwards also accuses Plaid Cymru leader Adam Price of saying "spiteful" things about him.
Temperatures this summer tied with 2018, according to data stretching back to 1884.
The country is sticking to a "zero Covid" policy, requiring lockdowns over a handful of cases.
Uyghurs living outside China say other countries and the UN must act after a damning report.
Joshua Cox was aged six when he took the photo in a London park during lockdown.
Nottingham Forest set a new British record for the most players signed during the transfer window, despite failing to land Michy Batshuayi
Friday's papers carry claims about an MPs' probe into Partygate and more on soaring energy costs.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Seoul wants to phase out its basement apartments - but where will the people who live there go?
UK woman Ellie Daborn cooks for 41 people on an Australian property that's 400km from any shop.
Mystery and wonder in this year's shortlisted images for Wildlife Photographer of the Year.
The moment a tremor hits the Liechtenstein Parliament building causing the session to be paused.
The skeleton of a long-necked Mbiresaurus raathi is believed to be more than 230 million years old.
British Pakistanis are trying to help loved ones affected by the devastating floods in Pakistan.
Thousands of people have gathered in the town of Buñol to splatter each other with tomatoes.
Damien Davis made headlines when he and friends went up the wrong peak during a charity fundraiser.
More payments to help with the cost of living will be paid later in the year as bills soar.
When publishers pay to get on a shop's bestselling shelves or staff base rankings on sales forecasts.
Raila Odinga says results were tampered with at more than 40 voting centres - we've found no evidence.
It is one of our favourite treats, but just what really goes into getting ice cream onto your cone?
The zoo, known for its international conservation work, is closing its doors for the final time after 186 years.
Forest officials in Karnataka state have been searching for the leopard for more than 27 days.
Hundreds of villages are submerged in Sindh province as authorities race to evacuate families.
The former TV and radio presenter spoke publicly about his prostate cancer to try to help others.
No more smart motorways will be built, until their safety has been comprehensively assessed.
Children and parents share their concerns as just 40% of Ukrainian schools prepare to fully reopen.
Chelsea sign forward Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in a £10m deal from Barcelona and Juventus midfielder Denis Zakaria on loan.
The pointed words of manager Brendan Rodgers say everything about the growing troubles hanging over Leicester City, writes Phil McNulty.
Ukraine's Marta Kostyuk says shaking hands with Belarus' Victoria Azarenka after their US Open match would not have been "the right thing to do".
Liverpool sign Juventus and Brazil midfielder Arthur Melo on season-long loan.
Jadon Sancho's first-half goal seals a third successive victory for Manchester United as bottom club Leicester City remain winless.
Serena and Venus Williams' doubles return proves shortlived as they fall to a first-round defeat at the US Open.
Check out all the confirmed signings on transfer deadline day in September 2022 as clubs reshape their squads for the new season.
The announcement comes shortly after the G7 agrees to cap the price of Russian oil in support of Ukraine.
An inventory shows dozens of empty folders were seized from Donald Trump's home after an FBI search.
The Hollywood icon says she having chemotherapy for "treatable" non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
People in Jackson, Mississippi are unable to use tap water after flooding disabled a water treatment centre.
Health bosses predict a resurgence of the virus and flu during the autumn and winter.
If they are a single player, the win would make them richer than Harry Styles and Gary Barlow.
Andy Murray's hopes of reaching the US Open fourth round are ruined by Italy's Matteo Berrettini, while Jack Draper retires injured from his third-round match.
Beijing called on the US to revoke the missiles-and-radar deal or face "counter-measures".
Thousands of protesters denounce political violence after a man tried to shoot the vice-president.
After Monday's scrubbed lift-off bid, the Space Launch System rocket is about to give it another go.
Family get apology after wrongful murder conviction and execution of father in British prison.
Saturday's papers focus on plans to tackle soaring energy bills as well as preparations for a snap election.
A ground-breaking Indian cookery programme was presented by the Indian actor turned food writer Madhur Jaffrey.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
After 13 months, technology editor Zoe Kleinman's Flip3 screen breaks, but can the concept live on?
Workmen uncover "exciting" story of high society living just 200 yards from the slums of Edinburgh.
Ros Atkins on the links between the cost of living crisis, climate change, China, Covid and the Ukraine war.
The fast fashion giant's new Marketplace app has led some people to accuse it of "greenwashing".
Liv Gardner of Monastery says she is "in another world" after being proposed to.
Protestors from Extinction Rebellion UK glued themselves together in Parliament.
Lisa Megginson had her transvaginal mesh tape surgically removed after years of health problems.
The US city where filthy water comes from taps and mothers are afraid to bathe their babies in it.
The limit on migrant numbers will increase for the first time in a decade to stem worker shortages.
A string of TV and radio hosts have left recently, but some argue it frees up room for new talent.
Pakistan's geography - and its immense glaciers - make it vulnerable to climate change.
How Covid, Ukraine, climate change and relations with China are all pushing up prices.
What are the more radical options being discussed to protect people from fuel poverty this winter?
Families have received hundreds of thousands of items of unwanted stock to help them during the cost of living crisis.
One in eight men will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetime.
Bristol Zoo, known for its international conservation work, is closing after 186 years.
Wales need only a draw in their final Group I qualifier against Slovenia to earn a World Cup play-off place after a 1-0 win in Greece.
Striker Amy Thompson was sent off after scoring Luxembourg's fortuitous equaliser in their Women's World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland
Britain's Jake Wightman wins men's 800m while Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce and Armand Duplantis suffer shock defeats at the Brussels Diamond League.
Ons Jabeur is through to the fourth round of the US Open for the first time after coming from behind to beat Shelby Rogers.
Chris Sutton takes on rapper Juice Menace to pick his winners and losers for the weekend's Premier League games.
West Bromwich Albion salvage a point against Burnley as debutant Brandon Thomas-Asante scores with almost the last kick.
A profile of Liz Truss, who is bidding to replace Boris Johnson as Tory leader and prime minister.
A former finance analyst, Rishi Sunak's leadership bid has focused on his handling of the economy.
Boris Johnson's successor will be either Liz Truss or Rishi Sunak - find out what they plan to do if they win.
Either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss will become the UK's next prime minister.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson made promises on Brexit,, taxes, health and police - did he deliver on them?
Ukraine's first lady says it's important to keep highlighting the human cost of the war in her country.
Do the guests on my first Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg show have the answers to the UK's problems?
A fuel leak in the hydrogen tank means the third attempt may not happen for several weeks.
Paul McCartney, Queen and AC/DC also take the stage at Wembley to pay tribute to the rock drummer.
The Mississippi shop was evacuated as police spoke to the pilot, who went on to land in a field.
The UN nuclear watchdog says the Zaporizhzhia plant is now relying on a reserve line to supply power.
The UK has agreed a pact with the two Nordic nations to help each other if they were attacked.
Six people are known to have died and rescuers are unable to reach survivors, local media say.
Travellers returning home from their summer breaks in France report lengthy queues at the French port.
Cameron Norrie reaches the US Open last 16 for the first time with a composed win over Denmark's Holger Rune, but fellow Briton Dan Evans is out.
CCTV showed the victim was assaulted by an unknown male and "left in a pool of blood", his family say.
England book their place at the 2023 World Cup with one game to spare as they defeat Austria in their first match since winning Euro 2022.
The home secretary calls for "extensive reform" in a letter to the incoming Met Police chief.
Sunday's papers focus on calls for the Tory party to unite around the next PM, and the energy crisis.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Deptford High Street was named one of the world's top 33 streets but does it face an uncertain future?
It is the first time the event has been held since 2019 because of the Covid pandemic.
Workmen uncover "exciting" story of high society living just 200 yards from the slums of Edinburgh.
Over-50s can have another Covid booster, and younger people who are at higher risk and NHS staff.
The much loved shops using have been hit hard - but are trying to keep customers happy.
A string of TV and radio hosts have left recently, but some argue it frees up room for new talent.
How Covid, war, climate change and relations with China are all pushing up prices.
Families have received hundreds of thousands of items of unwanted stock to help them during the cost of living crisis.
Does the Premier League have a problem using VAR? Managers are left divided on a day of controversial calls.
Trent Rockets are crowned men's Hundred champions after beating Manchester Originals by two wickets in a thrilling final at Lord's.
Lewis Hamilton said his recalcitrant Mercedes "finally felt alive" in a Dutch Grand Prix qualifying session that delivered both frustration and promise.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Danny Murphy discuss Ivan Toney's England squad potential after the striker scored a hat-trick for Brentford during their 5-2 win over Leeds United.
Champions Manchester City miss chance to move top of the Premier League after Aston Villa fight back for draw.
Natasha Jonas unifies the super-welterweight division by beating Patricia Berghult before a raucous home crowd at Liverpool's M&S Bank Arena.
Oval Invincibles win the women's Hundred for the second year in a row with another victory over Southern Brave at Lord's.
As he steps down as prime minister, experts predict Boris Johnson will not be short of job offers.
Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss will be the new Conservative leader - watch the campaign's memorable moments.
Police are investigating 13 crime scenes and warn the suspects are dangerous and still on the run.
The Tory leadership favourite says she would act immediately on bills - but gives no further details.
The former chancellor signals he believes he has lost the race to become the next prime minister.
Three men are detained in connection with the killing of the nine-year-old, who was shot in her home.
The ex-Wales rugby captain admits not telling his ex-partner, who is suing him, that he had HIV.
A 21-year-old man is detained on suspicion of scaling the 310m tall skyscraper in central London.
Nato scrambled jets to follow the plane - said to have four people on board - on its erratic flight.
The move to shield citizens and businesses comes as Europe struggles to wean itself off Russian energy.
A man was arrested after the death of twins Christy and Chelsea Cawley and their sister Lisa Cash.
Staff claim a new IT system being rolled out in courts in England and Wales is beset with faults.
A judge's ruling prevents Spencer Elden from re-filing a case over the Nevermind sleeve
Health officials believe the infectious pneumonia which killed four was caused by the rare lung disease.
The package Liz Truss could introduce in her presumptive first week in No 10 leads Monday's papers.
Ethiopian Girl Skaters is a female-only skateboarding group that is challenging stereotypes about what activities Ethiopian girls can and should do.
Manchester United earn a thrilling victory as Antony scores on his debut and ends Arsenal's winning run in an intense game at Old Trafford.
Coco Gauff reaches her maiden US Open quarter-final with a straight-set victory over China's Zhang Shuai.
Referees' body PGMOL has effectively accepted controversial VAR decisions made at Chelsea and Newcastle were wrong and will co-operate with a Premier League review of the incidents.
Victoria Azarenka says tennis needs to improve safeguarding to stop "vulnerable young ladies getting taken advantage of".
Match of the Day 2 pundit Troy Deeney explains how a "masterful" performance from Christian Eriksen was key to Manchester United's win over Arsenal.
Will the Conservatives be able to come together after a long summer of public wrangling?
Either Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss will become the UK's next prime minister.
The incoming prime minister will enter No 10 on Tuesday after defeating Rishi Sunak to become Tory leader.
Canada police say the body of Damien Sanderson, 31, has been found, but his brother Myles is still at large.
The duchess addressed a global youth event in Manchester as the Sussexes return to the UK.
Tremors hit days after Chengdu's 21 million people were told to stay home because of Covid.
Donald Trump wins the right to an independent overseer in the investigation into classified records.
A police chief says the community could hold to the key to finding Olivia Pratt-Korbel's killers.
Frances Tiafoe stuns second seed Rafael Nadal in the US Open fourth round to end the Spaniard's bid for a record-extending 23rd major singles title.
The warning on 24 beaches comes from the Environment Agency, which says pollution is "short term".
Customers of any bank will be able to withdraw and deposit cash, but the new hubs will not open immediately.
The regulator found some children's business accounts had been set to public by default.
Andy Cash is accused of killing eight-year-old twins Chelsea and Christy Cawley and Lisa Cash, 18.
Bullitt, which makes rugged smartphones, is due to launch a satellite-connected handset in February.
Campaigners are challenging the Home Office's plan for some cross-Channel migrants.
A charity bike ride in Spain incurred such a high tariff, the cycling club could fold.
The woman told detectives she woke up to find the footballer on top of her, his trial hears.
Here's what you need to know about Liz Truss.
Will Liz Truss be a pragmatist in Downing Street, or will she govern as a lady not for turning
The foreign secretary has won the race to replace Boris Johnson as prime minister after a two-month contest.
What awaits Liz Truss when she walks through the doors of Downing Street?
Energy suppliers will be able to take out state-backed loans to subsidise bills for consumers and some firms.
Home Secretary Priti Patel and Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries will leave the cabinet.
"She has gone to see the Queen... if the Queen recognises her," jibes one Russian TV presenter.
The defeated Tory leadership contender also tells the BBC Liz Truss has his "full support".
Political survivor Liz Truss has triumphed, but in Downing Street she will be confronted by multiple problems.
The papers give their verdict on incoming PM Liz Truss and chew over her plans for the energy crisis.
Nisim has spent almost 50 years building and decorating his home in the Israeli town of Herzliya.
The Official Charts announce which songs were the UK's most-played and purchased over the summer.
Tory voters choose Liz Truss as their new leader and she will become prime minister on Tuesday.
The south-western city of Chongqing was one of the areas hit worst by the flames in August's heatwave.
An accountant with an interest in politics but not ice skating is set to be the next prime ministerial spouse.
The star now has an Emmy, Grammy and Oscar - after scooping an award for her TV show One Night Only.
Nandi Bushell says taking the place of the late Foo Fighters drummer was "amazing... but sad".
Jit Chauhan, 48, was drinking a litre of whisky a day when his alcoholism was at its worst.
The personal and political journey of the UK's next prime minister.
The decision to hold an early election usually rests with the prime minister.
What do people in Liz Truss's Norfolk constituency want her to focus on first?
The death of an American fishing observer hundreds of miles from shore has shone a light on a hidden world.
The BBC sequel launches on Sunday with never before seen footage of animals in the frozen world.
Russia has reduced the amount of gas it supplies to Europe through the key Nord Stream 1 pipeline.
What are the more radical options being discussed to protect people from fuel poverty this winter?
From the cost of living to the NHS, BBC correspondents examine the issues awaiting in Downing Street.
A challenge to government plans to send some asylum seekers to Rwanda is being heard.
The pop star explains why his third album is "a metaphor for the oppression millions of people feel".
Are the country's efforts to become an industrial powerhouse coming at the cost of workers' safety?
Liz Truss will be the next UK PM, but what does the job involve?
Female bosses remain a small minority in Japan, but efforts continue to increase their numbers.
Susan Clifton fears power cuts could see her husband's nebuliser fail and is preparing for winter.
From swift player reunions, all-British drama and nightmare groups, here are the key things to look out for as the Champions League returns this week.
Top seed Iga Swiatek avoids a US Open upset by recovering to beat unseeded Jule Niemeier and reach the quarter-finals in New York.
WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury offers Anthony Joshua the chance to fight for his belt before the end of this year.
"Unstoppable" Manchester City star Erling Haaland could redefine the role of striker for the next 10 years, according to Match of the Day 2 pundit Troy Deeney.
Wales manager Gemma Grainger wants fans to get behind her players in their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia.
Britain's Cameron Norrie is unable to reach a second straight Grand Slam quarter-final as he loses to Andrey Rublev at the US Open.
Kwasi Kwarteng is in as chancellor and Therese Coffey deputy PM, as Liz Truss unveils her top team.
Tens of thousands of businesses could go under without government support, say insolvency experts.
People in Saskatchewan grapple with grief and anger in the wake of the tragedy.
The new health secretary has opposed extending abortion rights but has said the law wouldn't change.
Olivia Pratt-Korbel is described by her mother as "her little shadow" in an emotional tribute.
The wild apes drum messages to one another on tree roots in the rainforest, researchers find.
Universal free school meals have begun for some ages, with all primary pupils to be covered by 2024.
Russians will also face a lengthier application process under new EU proposals.
As children head back to school, head teachers are grappling with growing energy and staffing costs.
Chris Kaba was shot after police pursued what they described as a "suspect vehicle" in south London.
The 34-year-old was a teacher in Memphis, but also the granddaughter of a local billionaire.
A woman who can detect Parkinson's through smell helps scientists develop a test for the disease.
Scientists say they can predict which youngsters might get the dry, itchy skin condition.
Untreated sewage triggers pollution warnings at almost 100 UK beaches after heavy rainfall.
The offending content was not specified - but state TV highlighted two teenage girls kissing.
The chain, run by Intercontinental Hotel Group, said their online services were facing disruptions.
The dominance of Truss campaign supporters in cabinet is already prompting grumbling among some Tory MPs.
A guide to the people in Prime Minister Liz Truss's cabinet, with the new faces, as well as those who have changed roles.
The new UK Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng is a past winner of University Challenge - and a key ally of Liz Truss.
In her first speech, the prime minister said she would focus on tax cuts, the energy crisis and the NHS.
Liz Truss is sworn in as the new prime minister - watch how the day unfolded.
Ukraine sees Liz Truss as a leader from "the bright side of European politics" - others are less impressed.
Wednesday's front pages dissect Liz Truss's first day as prime minister.
They not only help owners find lost animals, but also teach them how to look after their cats and dogs.
Dayeon's interviews were called off after recruiters discovered she had hearing loss.
MMA fighter Marc Diakiese on his life in Doncaster, DR Congo and the UFC cage.
A selection of images capture the day Ms Truss officially became the country's third-ever female PM.
The senior ministers leaving government and some of the likely new figures around the Cabinet table.
Moscow's "stop list" includes more than 1,000 names, including celebrities who have backed Ukraine.
Video shows a shelf cloud - a type of arcus cloud - form before a thunderstorm hit Portland.
Farm buildings that vanished beneath a reservoir can be seen again due to recent dry months
The region has witnessed scenes of fork lightning overnight.
New PM Liz Truss is due to set out plans to help with energy bills, ahead of a sharp rise in prices.
Sarah Yorke confronted her boss over scamming dozens of people out of their life savings.
Mohamed Ibrahim Warsame, who has died aged 79, was known simply as Hadraawi, or "master of speech".
The outgoing prime minister made claims on police, nurses, hospitals,rail and Brexit.
Six books make the cut for the coveted prize, including the shortest book to ever be recognised.
Gloria Burns, 62, was killed as she tried to help other victims of Sunday's attacks in Saskatchewan.
The personal and political journey of the UK's new prime minister.
The Queen has appointed every PM since 1955, but Liz Truss w the first invited to Balmoral.
More concerns over Ukraine's nuclear plant and claims that Russia is buying weapons from N Korea.
One critic called Don't Worry Darling "unconvincing" while another said it was "largely fantastic".
The Indian government is fuelling its growth, but critics say the boom is coming at a cost.
Celtic were ultimately outclassed by holders Real Madrid in their Champions League opener, despite a lively and encouraging start in Glasgow.
Erling Haaland scores twice as Manchester City open their Champions League campaign by thrashing a dismal Sevilla side.
Wales reach the World Cup play-offs for the first time thanks to a 0-0 draw on a nerve-shredding night in the Welsh capital.
England celebrate their homecoming as European champions in style with a ruthless 10-goal victory over Luxembourg in Stoke.
Thomas Tuchel took charge of Chelsea for the 100th time on Tuesday, but there was no celebration after their defeat by Dinamo Zagreb.
French 17th seed Caroline Garcia ends American Coco Gauff's hopes to set up a US Open semi-final against Ons Jabeur.
The government could borrow £100bn to cap the typical household energy bill at around £2,500 a year.
The jab could be used on a mass scale next year with the aim of ending deaths from the disease.
The parents of Chris Kaba, a 24-year-old man shot by police, accuse the Metropolitan Police of racism.
Chris Kaba was shot dead following a police pursuit which ended in south London on Monday night.
Sunshine and smiles as the Cambridges all start at a new school after the family's move to Windsor.
Ukraine's president says his troops have recaptured several settlements from Russian forces.
The online meeting of the Privy Council will be rearranged after the monarch was advised to rest.
Estradiol tablets help treat the cause of vaginal dryness in women experiencing menopause.
Aid worker Paul Urey's body has "signs of possible unspeakable torture", says Ukraine.
Liverpool are thrashed by Napoli in their first Champions League group game on a night to forget in Italy.
The tech company presented a range of new devices at an event held at its California headquarters.
Former chief whip Nick Brown says he is co-operating with the investigation.
Further dates for walkouts are announced by staff in the Communication Workers Union.
New PM Liz Truss has ruled out using a further windfall tax to fund energy price measures.
European countries have taken different approaching to higher energy bills.
How does it work when a government wants to borrow money, and when does it have to pay it back?
Many countries are heavily dependent on Russian energy and will need to find new suppliers.
Photos of the Cambridge children's first day at school together make most of Thursday's front pages.
Katie Roper says being open about her condition helps the pupils she works with.
The Festival of the Horse is an annual event in in Orkney which celebrates farming heritage.
The shortlist for the prestigious music award includes Little Simz, Self Esteem and Harry Styles.
The long-running cartoon is one of the most popular TV programmes for pre-school children.
A serial thief is targeting well-off young women across London's gyms. How is she doing it?
The Love Island finalist wants to teach you how to communicate with people whose hearing is impaired.
Archaeologists will evaluate two mounds on Mull as part of a series of digs later this month.
England celebrate their homecoming as European champions in style with a ruthless victory over Luxembourg to end World Cup qualification with a perfect record.
Archaeologists believe the operation was carried out using stone surgical tools.
In an Instagram Live, the Scottish singer spoke about the day-to-day impact of the condition.
The Dotplot aims to help women self-check at home and track any changes they may find on an app.
There are calls for the gadget, issued by West Yorkshire Police, to be used more across England and Wales.
HRT can help with menopausal symptoms. If you're thinking about taking it, here's what you need to consider.
Campaigners want to see the end of all outdoor advertising, calling it "sight pollution".
EU leaders say their backing for Ukraine is unwavering and Kyiv hopes the energy crisis won't change that.
Is Liz Truss' new government still committed to dramatic cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050?
Sarah Yorke confronted her boss over scamming dozens of people out of their life savings.
Social media had been set ablaze by suggestions of another rift in the Don't Worry Darling camp.
Mohamed Ibrahim Warsame, who has died aged 79, was known simply as Hadraawi, or "master of speech".
Is the popular "anti-Instagram" app a bit of fun or a data protection timebomb waiting to go off?
Theresa May asks Liz Truss why all the female prime ministers had been Conservatives.
After another poor result in the Champions League is it time for Liverpool to reinvent themselves?
Rangers' celebrated Champions League return descends into a debacle as ruthless Ajax run riot in Amsterdam.
An emotional Richarlison fulfils his ambition to play in the Champions League and marks it with two goals to down Marseille.
Chelsea are set to hold talks with Brighton boss Graham Potter about replacing the sacked Thomas Tuchel.
How new England batter Harry Brook was shaped by his family, early morning net sessions and a legendary race across the Cumbria fells.
Former Chelsea winger Pat Nevin joins The Football News Show to discuss the sacking of Thomas Tuchel.
A guide to the people in Prime Minister Liz Truss's cabinet, with the new faces, as well as those who have changed roles.
New Prime Minister Liz Truss and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer face each other in the Commons.
Here's what you need to know about the new home secretary.
A fan of cigars and football, Therese Coffey has one of the most challenging briefs in government.
"Low expectations" or a "competent" prime minister? Voters give their view on Liz Truss.
Her son King Charles III pays tribute to his "beloved mother" who has died peacefully at Balmoral.
Prime Minister Liz Truss, speaking on Downing Street, reacts to the Queen's death.
Here's what we know about plans for the public viewing of the Queen's coffin and her state funeral.
Tributes are pouring in from around the world as leaders honour the monarch who "defined an era".
As word spreads of the death of Queen Elizabeth II, people lay flowers and pay tribute.
The UK press reflect on the end of an era, in their first editions after the Queen's death.
The Queen spent most summers at Balmoral, the 50,000-acre country estate in Aberdeenshire.
The notice was posted on the gates of the Palace of Holyroodhouse in the Scottish capital.
They share recollections of their meetings with the monarch and the impression she left on them.
The young Princess Elizabeth spent her childhood in the spotlight.
The flag was lowered, and shock spread among the crowd that gathered outside.
Sport and sportspeople lead tributes to the Queen following her death at the age of 96.
The long reign of Queen Elizabeth II was marked by her strong sense of duty.
Key photographs from her birth through the coronation to becoming Britain's longest-reigning monarch.
It was the Queen’s life and work to be the best of Britain - this is the service she gave, writes the BBC’s Jonny Dymond.
The Queen's long reign saw the world change dramatically.
On the death of his mother, Charles immediately becomes the monarch.
The new prime minister unveils a multi-billion pound plan to limit energy bill rises from October.
Strike action by postal workers and RMT train staff has been cancelled following the death of the Queen.
Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin announces military support at a meeting with other ministers in Germany.
The researchers think their plastic could help stop viruses spreading in hospitals.
Manchester United's Europa League group stage campaign begins with a home defeat to Real Sociedad at Old Trafford.
Prosecutors say the Trump ally diverted hundreds of thousands of dollars from the campaign to two associates.
Heatwaves and drought drove record heat across Europe this summer, according to satellite data.
Myles Sanderson experienced "medical distress" and died after a high-speed chase, police say.
The government will borrow tens of billions of pounds to limit energy bill rises. What does it mean for you?
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at its highest rate for 40 years.
There are calls for the gadget, issued by West Yorkshire Police, to be used more across England and Wales.
BBC Sport takes a photographic look at the Queen's life in sport.
The monarch's love of racing offered a rare glimpse into the person behind a life of public duty.
Horse racing was halted on Thursday following the death of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II, while Friday's play in the Test match between England and South Africa was called off.
Arsenal begin their Europa League campaign with victory over Zurich.
Tunisia's Ons Jabeur reaches her second successive major final after a straight-set win over France's Caroline Garcia in the US Open semi-finals.
Chelsea appoint Graham Potter as their new manager following the sacking of Thomas Tuchel.
Football Focus pundits Martin Keown & Ashley Williams give their opinion on newly appointed Chelsea manager Graham Potter saying he "coaches intelligence into players".
The first televised Accession Council comes as the King pledges to follow his mother's life of service.
King Charles III names William and his wife Catherine as the Prince and Princess of Wales.
Footage from inside the first audience with the British head of state and prime minister is rare.
Discover more about Elizabeth II through films and programmes that offer insights into her life.
The Commons and Lords will sit for two days, as MPs and peers mark the death of Queen Elizabeth II.
King Charles III looked thoughtful as he left Balmoral, before being greeted by crowds at Buckingham Palace.
All English, Welsh and Northern Irish football and senior Scottish football is postponed this weekend as a mark of respect following the death of Queen Elizabeth II.
Condolences pour in from around the globe following news of the British monarch's death.
The UK's central bank postpones its meeting by a week "in light of the period of national mourning".
Here's what we know about plans for the public viewing of the Queen's coffin and her state funeral.
Wearing the crown at bath time and "that" 007 cameo - the Queen's children share treasured memories.
Villagers in Ballater, near Balmoral, regarded the Queen as a friendly member of their community.
How will a former prince used to speaking out on issues he cared deeply about adapt to the neutrality of a monarch?
Strikes are cancelled, some sport is postponed, and a bank holiday is expected.
King Charles III said "may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest" in his emotional message.
Camilla, the wife of the new king, has been at his side for many years, but admits it has not been easy.
The Royal Family is changing after the death of the Queen - and so are their titles.
Huge crowds awaited the new King as he arrived with the Queen Consort.
As word spreads of the death of Queen Elizabeth II, people lay flowers and pay tribute.
Mourners outside Buckingham Palace pay their respects and explain what the Queen meant to them.
We're used to seeing Queen Elizabeth II's portrait and coat of arms in our change and on cereal boxes.
Violent crime is a top issue for voters going to the polls on Sunday.
Kyiv says a lightning counter-offensive has recaptured vast swathes of territory in its south and east.
The police watchdog said this "does not mean that criminal charges will necessarily follow".
Energy suppliers will adjust fixed tariffs under the government's plan to cap customers' bills.
The suspect was detained at Birmingham Airport on Thursday evening, police say.
Joshua Jacques has admitted manslaughter by reason of diminished responsibility.
Postal workers and train staff have postponed walkouts, while some shops have said they will close.
An 18-year-old man from Liverpool is being held on suspicion of assisting an offender.
Leader Kim Jong-un says this is "irreversible" and rules out the possibility of denuclearisation.
A UN committee has received reports of Russia using disabled people as human shields in institutions.
The UK press reflect on the end of an era, in their first editions after the Queen's death.
Melting ice, intense rain, and wildfires are making adventure tourism more dangerous, experts say.
Queen Elizabeth visited more than 20 African countries during her reign, as the British Empire ended and independence swept the continent.
From reprimanding late-comers to uncovering corruption, the new county governors announce their arrival.
Firms will get energy price support for six months, but they say many questions remain unanswered.
Military equipment is pouring into Ukraine, but President Zelensky says more is needed to stop Russia.
Sport and sportspeople lead tributes to the Queen following her death at the age of 96.
England's deciding Test against South Africa will resume as scheduled on Saturday 10 September following the death of Queen Elizabeth II.
England women's manager Sarina Wiegman says the Queen inspired as "a mother figure for people to seek stability and peace from in uncertain times".
Domestic football, from the Premier League to grassroots, will not take place in most of the UK this weekend after Queen Elizabeth II died aged 96.
Norway's Casper Ruud continues his bid for a first major title - and the world number one ranking - by beating Russia's Karen Khachanov to reach the US Open final.
Charles has become the King. Take a look back at some of the key moments that have shaped his life.
The new king is due to be proclaimed by an Accession Council. What exactly is this?
The Queen, her children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren - four generations of the UK royals.
The Queen's role in public life was a serious one, but she sometimes showed us her funny side.
King Charles III delivers his first public broadcast as monarch following the death of his mother, Queen Elizabeth II.
News outlets around the world reflect on Queen Elizabeth's influence and the impact of her death.
The Ukrainian advances - if held - would be the most significant since Russia withdrew from near Kyiv in April.
People will be able to view the Queen's coffin at Westminster Hall and pay respects in Edinburgh.
Thousands of people had gathered throughout the day outside the castle before the four arrived.
King Charles III speaks of the Queen's "selfless service" as he's formally made king.
Gordon Brown, David Cameron and Theresa May share memories of the Queen with Laura Kuenssberg.
The Prince of Wales says the world "lost an extraordinary leader" while he lost his "Grannie".
The immediate challenge for King Charles is to do what his mother was so good at - reassuring an anxious nation.
The new monarch speaks to well-wishers after leaving Buckingham Palace.
The Queen's three younger children, Princess Anne, Prince Andrew and Prince Edward were among those viewing floral tributes.
In a rare Saturday sitting, a group of senior MPs were given the chance to formally pledge their loyalty to the king.
How the eyes of the world watched the Queen and former IRA leader Martin McGuinness shake hands.
The Queen's coffin will lie in state in Westminster Hall as King Charles III embarks on a trip around the UK.
What messages were sent by Prince William and Catherine, Prince Harry and Meghan, appearing together?
In the coming days, the new head of state, the King, and the PM will visit Edinburgh, Belfast and Cardiff.
Her cortege from Balmoral to Edinburgh will wend its way past the villages, towns and cities she knew so well.
Want to lay flowers or sign a book of condolence to remember the Queen? Here's what you need to know.
Images from the day as King Charles III officially becomes monarch.
How will a former prince used to speaking out on issues he cared deeply about adapt to the neutrality of a monarch?
King Charles III said "may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest" in his emotional message.
A 37-year-old man is being held on suspicion of assisting an offender after the girl was killed.
Research shows that cancers might not always be caused by DNA mutations, as previously thought.
Mayor Craig Mackle says the whale may have surfaced beneath the boat causing it to capsize.
The rapper joined hundreds outside the Metropolitan Police's headquarters - New Scotland Yard.
World number one Iga Swiatek caps a dominant season by beating Tunisia's Ons Jabeur at the US Open to win her second major title of 2022.
Authorities said the books, about sheep trying to hold back wolves, referred to the Beijing government.
Sunday's front pages pore over the Royal Family reuniting to mark the death of Queen Elizabeth II.
Expect unity on Ukraine and China but there's one worrying point of tension between the UK and US.
One of two lesbians sentenced to death in Iran had spoken to the BBC about her hopes for the future.
A Russian policeman’s takeaway order helped the group expose his identity, after he threatened and hit them.
England hold the advantage over South Africa in the third and final Test after 17 wickets fell on a day that began with cricket paying tribute to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
Tributes are paid to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II on day three of the third Test between England and South Africa at The Oval.
Tributes are paid as sport resumes on Saturday following the death of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
England race to an emphatic nine-wicket victory with 42 balls to spare in the first T20 international against India.
British horse racing is cancelled on the day of Queen Elizabeth II's funeral, which will take place on Monday 19 September.
Patrick Schickerling's last-second try helps Exeter come back to beat champions Leicester 24-20 at Sandy Park.
Ferrari's Charles Leclerc takes pole position at the Italian Grand Prix ahead of Red Bull's Max Verstappen.
The new king has been proclaimed by an Accession Council. What exactly is this?
The shows and documentaries that captured her public and private moments.
Power cuts have affected nine million people in revenge for a successful counter-attack, Ukraine says.
Details of how people can pay their final respects at the Palace of Westminster have been revealed.
Thousands pay their respects as the late monarch's coffin makes a six-hour journey from Balmoral.
Mourners line the streets as the Queen's cortege takes her coffin from Balmoral to Edinburgh.
Thousands came to pay their respects as the Queen's coffin travelled from Balmoral to Edinburgh.
The Queen's second son and his ex-wife Sarah, Duchess of York will now look after her iconic dogs.
Travel in the mourning period for the Queen is likely to be "extremely busy", the rail operator warns.
Prince William speaks of his "honour" in being named Prince of Wales by King Charles III.
Events are taking place across the Commonwealth to mark the proclamation of King Charles III.
Eldar Eldarov wins the rescheduled St Leger as British horse racing resumes at Doncaster and pays tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.
The president pays tribute to the thousands of people who died 21 years after the attacks on US soil.
Tributes are paid to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II at the Great North Run before Uganda's Jacob Kiplimo and Kenya's Hellen Obiri win the elite men's and women's races.
The Queen's coffin will lie in state in Westminster Hall as King Charles III embarks on a trip around the UK.
The public can view the Queen's coffin in Edinburgh after a procession and service at St Giles' Cathedral.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
The decision for the future King Charles to be educated at Gordonstoun was a departure from the royal norm.
How a young princess's love for her dog turned into a life's passion.
Her cortege from Balmoral to Edinburgh wended its way past the villages, towns and cities she knew so well.
The Queen spent most summers at Balmoral, the 50,000-acre country estate in Aberdeenshire.
In the coming days, the new head of state, the King, and the PM will visit Edinburgh, Belfast and Cardiff.
The public can pay their respects as the coffin lies at rest at St Giles Cathedral in Scotland's capital.
Images from the day as King Charles III is proclaimed monarch.
Anti-immigration Sweden Democrats set to become the second largest party with vote too close to call.
Sir Tom Scholar's sacking compromises the civil service's independence, a former cabinet secretary says.
Nine people have so far been arrested after the nine-year-old was shot in her home in Liverpool.
Over 1,000 migrants are thought to have died this year trying to cross the central Mediterranean.
Spanish teenager Carlos Alcaraz fulfils his potential to become a Grand Slam champion and world number one by beating Casper Ruud in the US Open final.
The rapper joined hundreds outside the Metropolitan Police's headquarters New Scotland Yard.
All of the newspapers focus on the Queen's last journey from her beloved Balmoral to Edinburgh.
Turning round the Met's reputation will require all Sir Mark Rowley's determination and skill.
President Uhuru Kenyatta promised national cohesion and to fight corruption. He made some progress.
"They asked 'is anyone alive?' and I realised they were ours," says one woman. "They were so beautiful."
England are closing in on a series-clinching victory over South Africa after a supreme bowling display on the fourth day of the third Test at The Oval.
Red Bull’s Max Verstappen inflicts a home defeat on Charles Leclerc and Ferrari in the Italian Grand Prix to continue his cruise to a second title.
Ireland's Shane Lowry says his victory over a BMW PGA Championship field featuring several LIV Golf Series players was "one for the good guys".
Gloucester score 27 unanswered points to recover from 21-0 down and beat Wasps in a memorable Premiership comeback.
Britain's Alfie Hewett beats Shingo Kunieda to win the US Open men's wheelchair title and secure his sixth major singles trophy.
Zak Crawley and England's bowlers star as the hosts close in on a series-clinching victory over South Africa at The Oval.
Rangers' Champions League match with Napoli has been put back 24 hours to Wednesday following the death of Queen Elizabeth II.
Want to lay flowers or sign a book of condolence to remember the Queen? Here's what you need to know.
"Her dedication and devotion as Sovereign never waivered," the King says in a televised address.
President Volodymyr Zelensky says the gains were made in the east and south during a swift counter-offensive.
Questions are being asked as even state media reported the "tough" week, says the BBC's Russia editor.
The line from the doors of St Giles' Cathedral is estimated to stretch for at least a mile.
Her children followed her coffin in Edinburgh, in public together for the first time since her death.
The Queen's visit to Ireland in 2011 was a "watershed moment", Taoiseach Micheál Martin tells the BBC.
The police watchdog has opened a homicide investigation over the death of the 24-year-old.
The Queen's children, led by King Charles III, walked behind the coffin on Edinburgh's Royal Mile.
Campaigners criticise police action at events to mark King Charles III's ascension to the throne.
The former PM says he was moved by the Queen's "sense of duty" when her death was announced days later.
A rail industry group says it is doing all it can to ensure people can pay their respects to the Queen.
Waitrose, Aldi, Lidl, John Lewis and Primark have all said they will close on Monday 19 September.
The Duke of Sussex thanks his late grandmother, saying "you and grandpa are reunited now".
He apologised to fans and said he and his band were "burnt out" and he needed some time to heal.
The Queen's coffin will lie in state in Westminster Hall as King Charles III embarks on a trip around the UK.
The traditional Vigil of the Princes takes place in St Giles' Cathedral, Edinburgh.
Here's what we know about plans for the public viewing of the Queen's coffin.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
The new monarch’s views on environmental issues are well known but will they influence his reign?
King Charles III's speech to both Houses of Parliament was a unique moment in Britain's long history.
King Charles III addresses both Houses of Parliament for the first time as monarch before heading to Scotland.
The King and other royals follow a procession up Edinburgh's Royal Mile to St Giles' Cathedral.
Thousands line the Royal Mile in Edinburgh to see the procession behind the Queen's coffin.
Mourners wanting to pay their respects to the Queen at Westminster are warned of long queues.
King Charles III has addressed MPs and peers in the hall and the Queen's coffin will lie in state there.
Here's what we know about events on the day of the Queen's state funeral.
The newspapers reflect on the Royal Family's vigil for the Queen as her children stood by her coffin.
William Ruto is Kenya's first evangelical Christian president and is likely to put religion centre-stage.
The BBC mined the official record books to distil data about crimes against women over the past few years.
The Resolution Foundation says limits on energy costs are needed, but the rich will benefit more.
There are early wins for shows including Succession, Dopesick, Ozark and White Lotus.
The actress memorably played head teacher Mrs McClusky in the BBC TV show's 1980s heyday.
Two UK energy firms say a plan to offer discounts on bills could fail if people are not offered more.
More than half of forced labour happens in richer countries, with women and children most at risk.
Families in India's IT capital recount the nightmare they went through when their homes began to flood.
Can India draw a distinction between handouts aimed at winning votes, and bona fide welfare schemes?
Customers on fixed deals will receive a discount, but not every tariff will end up the same.
Chelsea's home game with Liverpool and Leeds United's trip to Manchester United have been postponed this weekend because of the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II.
England won six of seven Tests this summer - but the glorious way they played the game was even more important, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Alex Albon was put on a ventilator after suffering complications following appendix surgery, say Williams.
British number one Emma Raducanu wins through to the second round of the Slovenia Open in her first match since her unsuccessful US Open title defence.
Wales manager Robert Page signs a new four-year contract as he prepares to lead his country to a first World Cup since 1958.
England captain Ben Stokes says his side took a "huge amount of inspiration" from the legacy of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II in their third Test win over South Africa.
England captain Sarah Hunter defends the Rugby Football Union's decision to halve women's match fees for World Cup warm-up fixtures.
Want to lay flowers or sign a book of condolence to remember the Queen? Here's what you need to know.
Coronation Street's Antony Cotton recalls how the Queen had "a laugh and joke" during the visit.
The BBC’s Analysis Editor examines the significance of Ukraine’s counter-offensive against Russian forces.
Ukrainian counter-attacks have broken through Russian lines in the Kharkiv region.
Ukraine's military says it has retaken territory from Russia, making its first significant gain in months.
The BBC's defence correspondent looks at what's behind Ukraine's potential breakthrough in the east.
Ukraine's army makes significant territorial gains, while Russia hits back with missiles.
The brothers, with the King, will follow the coffin in a procession through central London.
The BBC hears accusations that Russian forces electrocuted prisoners and shot civilians in the Kharkiv region.
The King was joined Royals including Princes William and Harry and their wives to witness the arrival.
When Queen Elizabeth II passed away, more than 600 Royal Warrants passed with her.
Liverpool fans and supporters of EFL clubs pay tribute to Queen Elizabeth II as professional football fixtures resume across the UK.
Redundancies are "unavoidable" following King Charles III's accession, a spokesman says.
Holidaymakers had previously been told to leave Center Parcs sites for a day or go home early.
Ethereum, which currently uses as much energy as a medium-sized country, is to halt cryptomining.
The Chinese and Russian leaders are due to meet at a major summit in Uzbekistan this week.
The prosecutor exposed an affair between then-President Bill Clinton and an intern, Monica Lewinsky.
The US alleges that Moscow has sought to buy political influence in more than 24 countries since 2014.
The EU and the UN call for de-escalation in the latest fighting between the neighbouring countries.
Chris Kaba's family welcomes the Met firearms officer's suspension but says there was "no urgency".
The Queen's coffin will lie in state in Westminster Hall as King Charles III embarks on a trip around the UK.
Long queues are expected for those wanting to see the Queen's coffin ahead of her funeral.
Here's what we know about plans for the public viewing of the Queen's coffin.
Here's what we know so far about who will and won't be coming to this historic event.
Her coffin travels from Buckingham Palace to Westminster Hall, where the public can pay their respects.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
There was genuine affection for the Queen in Scotland but uncertainty looms for King Charles.
The Queen's coffin has returned to Buckingham Palace where it was met by members of the Royal Family.
Tributes are paid to Queen Elizabeth amid calls for the Commonwealth to be reformed for a new age.
A look back at the groundbreaking films of French cinematic pioneer Jean-Luc Godard.
A number of people have been arrested for protesting at royal events, what does the law say about this?
A number of new artificial intelligence systems turn simple text prompts into striking images.
The famous restaurant guide's appearance in Canada's most diverse city reignites a debate on food rankings.
The BBC mined the official record books to distil data about crimes against women over the past few years.
As the nation weighs its future, polls suggest more than 50% of Jamaicans support becoming a republic.
The emergency escape system on the uncrewed craft was triggered mid-air.
Customers on fixed deals will receive a discount, but not every tariff will end up the same.
The newspapers reflect on the Royal Family's vigil for the Queen as her children stood by her coffin.
Joel Matip's 89th-minute header against Ajax at Anfield gives Liverpool their first victory in the Champions League this season.
Opener Smriti Mandhana makes an unbeaten 79 to guide India to a eight-wicket win over England and set up a decider in the three-match Twenty20 series.
Anthony Joshua has agreed to Tyson Fury's terms for a December meeting, but can the all-British bout still be considered a global super-fight?
Watch the best shots from Smriti Mandhana's innings as she hits 13 fours in her unbeaten 79 to guide India to an eight-wicket win over England and level the T20 series at 1-1 ahead of the final match in the series in Bristol on Thursday.
Tottenham concede two injury-time goals as they slump to a Champions League defeat against Sporting Lisbon in Portugal.
Worcester Warriors' owners say they have agreed the terms of the sale of the troubled club to an interested party.
England's Sophie Ecclestone and Alice Capsey sign Women's Big Bash contracts with Sydney Sixers and Melbourne Stars respectively.
Here's what we know about events on the day of the Queen's state funeral.
The iconic cars were "part of the royal family's DNA" according to motoring journalist Quentin Willson.
How Princess Anne's role escorting Queen Elizabeth's coffin is a mark of her importance to the Royal Family.
All kinds of reasons inspired thousands to pay respects to the Queen at St Giles' Cathedral.
Maureen Rose spent 30 years working as a dressmaker to the Queen.
Want to lay flowers or sign a book of condolence to remember the Queen? Here's what you need to know.
Ukrainian counter-attacks have broken through Russian lines in the Kharkiv region.
A father who queued for 11 hours says the dignity of it made hairs stand up on the back of his neck.
King Charles, Prince William and Prince Harry walk in procession together in a symbol of family unity.
Some camped overnight ahead of the Queen's lying in state - friendships were formed on a wet night.
Here's an at-a-glance guide to what will be open and closed on bank holiday Monday.
The new chancellor believes removing a cap on bankers' bonuses could boost growth in the City.
Kyiv's troops are targeting towns in the Donbas region, the main focus of Russia's invasion.
The sex offender is convicted on six out of 13 counts after a four-week trial in Chicago.
A passenger car collided with the Ukrainian president's vehicle in Kyiv, a spokesman says.
The nation's first elected female leader is narrowly defeated in a major shift for Sweden.
A Baltimore prosecutor says an investigation of the case now points to two other possible suspects.
Yvon Chouinard will give all of the fashion company's profits to a charity fighting climate change.
Health officials warn of a looming crisis as deaths from dengue and other diseases rise by the day.
Large queues are already forming in London, as people wait for the Queen's lying-in-state to begin.
The Queen's coffin will lie in state in Westminster Hall as King Charles III concludes his trip around the UK.
What’s the story behind the most iconic item in the Crown Jewels?
As emperors, kings, queens and presidents descend on London, police have embarked on a huge operation.
Queen Elizabeth II leaves Buckingham Palace for the final time as her coffin makes its way to Westminster Hall.
Royals follow in procession as Queen Elizabeth II leaves Buckingham Palace for the last time.
The Queen's coffin will lie in state in the hall, and King Charles III addressed MPs and peers there.
The front pages focus on the Queen's coffin being taken to Westminster Hall where the public are paying their respects.
In drought-stricken California, trouble brews for famous water hogs like Kevin Hart and the Kardashians.
The display of affection is also a way to express unhappiness at the situation in the former colony.
Ukraine's president visits Izyum - while the German chancellor says President Putin does not think the invasion was a mistake.
Republicans hope the race could be their path to winning back control of the Senate in November.
A number of people have been arrested for protesting at royal events, what does the law say about this?
Andy Murray and Joe Salisbury lose a late-night doubles decider as Great Britain are beaten 2-1 by the United States in their Davis Cup group opener.
Erling Haaland scores winner as Man City come from behind to beat Borussia Dortmund in Champions League.
Ten-man Rangers fall to their third straight heavy defeat despite a more encouraging performance against Napoli on a dramatic night in the Champions League.
Graham Potter begins his Chelsea reign with a draw against RB Salzburg, which leaves his side with an uphill task to qualify for the Champions League knockout stages.
Celtic just have a point from their first two Champions League games, but is there more to come from them?
England become the first team in history to win 25 Tests in a row as they finish their World Cup preparations with an 11-try win against Wales at Bristol's Ashton Gate.
The bear has popped up frequently during the tributes to the Queen, following their Jubilee sketch.
A look at the ceremonial events surrounding the Queen's lying-in-state, ahead of her state funeral on Monday.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
Here's what we know so far about who will and won't attend this historic event.
Here's what we know about events on the day of the Queen's state funeral.
The global stream is for those wanting to pay their respects but who are unable to travel to London.
The Crown actress says the late monarch was "a massive symbol of continuity and dignity and grace".
The King was signing a book at Hillsborough Castle, a royal residence in Northern Ireland.
A Welsh corgi breeder recalls a special appointment with the Queen to help with her pet project.
A national two-minute silence is announced for the end of the state funeral service on Monday.
Prince William says walking behind the Queen's coffin brought back memories of his mother's funeral.
The BBC's Orla Guerin finds Russian tanks and relieved residents in the freed city.
People in a trial eating nearly half their daily calories at breakfast were less hungry during the day.
Scientists say the 'jaw-dropping' discovery gives an insight into the evolution of human hearts.
Emissions from human activities played a role in the recent floods that have brought devastation to Pakistan.
Former Wales rugby union captain and legendary broadcaster and commentator Eddie Butler has died at the age of 65.
The "shooting star" was reported by hundred of people across Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Rafael Nadal pays tribute to Roger Federer after the 20-time Grand Slam champion announces his retirement.
The emojis are being used to hide harmful content about vaccines from Facebook moderation tools.
Republican governors are escalating a tactic that has seen migrants relocated to Democratic areas.
The head of the Russian mercenary group defends sending convicts to the Ukraine front line.
But he also thanked President Xi for his "balanced position" on Russia's invasion.
Large queues are already forming in London, as people wait for the Queen's lying-in-state to begin.
The live-stream has become an unexpected hit on iPlayer. What's behind the viewing figures?
Elizabeth II has a complex legacy in New Zealand, where Maori say she tried to right historical wrongs.
Here's what we know about events on the day of the Queen's state funeral.
The only sound our correspondent could discern in the historic space was the changing of the guard.
Kathryn Emery flew to the UK with her younger sister from Connecticut, especially to pay their respects to Queen Elizabeth ll.
The front pages look at Prince William's tribute to the Queen as more funeral details are released.
A look at Donald Trump's midterms endorsements - who he backed, and the races he couldn't swing.
Ukrainian forces have made rapid advances, but Russia still holds 20% of the country.
Over-50s can get another Covid booster, as can younger people who are at higher risk, and NHS staff.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The two leaders hold talks but it's not quite a case of best friends forever, writes the BBC's Steve Rosenberg.
Winning images of the mysterious and beautiful parts of our Universe are on display in London.
The aftermath of Russia's occupation described - while its prison inmates are wooed by mercenaries.
Yvon Chouinard will give all of the fashion company's profits to a charity fighting climate change.
A long-time pariah, the Sweden Democrats are now the country's second-largest party.
Brooke Warne criticises Australia's Nine Network for creating a telemovie so soon after his death.
The Queen was president of the local Women's Institute branch and would attend their winter meeting.
The retiring Roger Federer is a sporting great who reached perfection to endear himself to fans and transcend his sport.
England beat India by seven wickets to win the third and final Twenty20 at Bristol and complete a 2-1 series victory.
Cristiano Ronaldo ends his barren spell with the first Europa League goal of his career as Manchester United earn victory at Sheriff Tiraspol.
Watch the winning moments from all eight of Roger Federer's Wimbledon triumphs - between 2003 and 2017.
West Ham United survive a late scare to come from behind to beat Danish side Silkeborg IF in the Europa Conference League.
At Wimbledon in 2001, a teenage hopeful took on the serial champion. It was a match for the ages - the only time two greats met.
The Queen's coffin will lie in state in Westminster Hall as King Charles III concludes his trip around the UK.
More than 500 foreign dignitaries will be travelling to London to pay their respects.
Here's an at-a-glance guide to what will be open and closed on bank holiday Monday.
Here's what we know so far about who will and won't attend this historic event.
Princess Elizabeth began her long period of public service during the dark days of World War Two.
What’s the story behind the most iconic item in the Crown Jewels?
A father who queued for 11 hours says the dignity of it made hairs stand up on the back of his neck.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
As emperors, kings, queens and presidents descend on London, police have embarked on a huge operation.
The BBC's Orla Guerin reports from Izyum as Ukraine looks for answers at the site of hundreds of graves.
In his first public comments about Ukraine's recent successes, President Putin says he is in "no hurry".
King Charles was joined by his three siblings for a vigil as the Queen lies in state at Westminster Hall.
King Charles III extends his "heartfelt thanks for your kind words" following the Queen's death.
The footballer waited with members of the public to see Queen Elizabeth II lie in state.
The police watchdog has opened a homicide investigation over the death of Chris Kaba.
The wild bird trade is set to make tropical forests "drab", a study shows.
Adio Adeshine appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court after being charged on Friday.
Fighting regularly flares up in border disputes between the two Central Asian states.
Huge numbers of people are expected to head to London on Monday for the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II.
Mahsa Amini, 22, died days after her arrest for allegedly not complying with rules on head coverings.
GB fail to reach the Davis Cup knockout stage after Andy Murray and Joe Salisbury lose a thrilling key doubles rubber against the Netherlands.
A group of eight cats is due to arrive from Namibia on the occasion of PM Narendra Modi's birthday.
Poignant photos of the King and his siblings guarding their mother's coffin feature on many front pages.
Windsor, Highgrove, Balmoral or one of the others - the new King has plenty of choice.
Heatwaves hit China, Europe and the US, causing lakes and rivers to dry up. Is this year the driest ever?
While some mourn the monarch many in South Africa see her as a symbol of colonial exploitation.
Russian soldiers share accounts of inadequate equipment and staffing after their retreat in north-eastern Ukraine.
Two days after the rape and murder of two sisters in India, the family speak to the BBC.
The 26-year-old tells the magazine Leonardo DiCaprio told him "no hard drugs and no superhero movies".
Italian businesses fear politicians are failing to address the cost of living crisis ahead of elections.
Fulham score three goals in six minutes to come from behind and beat Nottingham Forest in an entertaining fixture at the City Ground.
Beth Mead scores twice as Arsenal begin their Women's Super League campaign with a dominant win against Brighton.
Aston Villa manager Steven Gerrard says his side's scrappy win over Southampton at Villa Park was a "big victory".
An emotional David Beckham says paying his respects to Queen Elizabeth II was "special" after he queued for 12 hours in London.
Leeds take advantage of a resilient first-half defensive display to beat Wigan and reach their first Super League Grand Final since 2017.
The Prince of Wales sends Aston Villa a message of support as he mourns the death of Queen Elizabeth II.
Great Britain's Katie Swan beats Japanese qualifier Nao Hibino to reach her first WTA Tour semi-final in Chennai .
Large queues have formed in London, as people wait for the Queen's lying-in-state to begin.
The live-stream has become an unexpected hit on iPlayer. What's behind the viewing figures?
We've walked back the entire length of the queue of people wanting to file past Her Majesty's coffin in Westminster Hall
A look at the ceremonial events surrounding the Queen's lying-in-state, ahead of her state funeral on Monday.
The Commons speaker refuses access to Westminster Hall over Chinese sanctions on UK, sources say.
Here's what we know so far about who will and will not attend this historic event.
Here's what we know about events on the day of the Queen's state funeral.
From charity founders to choir leaders, community volunteers will be joining presidents and princesses.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
Here's an at-a-glance guide to what will be open and closed on bank holiday Monday.
She tells the BBC that the Queen "carved her own role" in a world dominated by men.
Prince Harry, joining his brother and cousins, wore military uniform for the ceremony.
Electricity from the national grid is being directly received at the embattled Zaporizhzhia site.
Online footage shows hundreds of people filling the streets, as police issue dispersal orders.
He made a surprise appearance with the King to speak to those waiting to enter Westminster Hall.
The UK and US leaders will instead hold talks at the UN in New York later this week.
A 28-year-old has been charged with a public order offence for allegedly approaching the Queen's coffin.
Police fire tear gas after Mahsa Amini's funeral as mourners chant anti-government slogans.
Alain Robert says he climbed the 48-storey skyscraper without safety gear to mark his 60th birthday.
The Dean of Westminster said the scale of the service in front of 2,000 guests was almost unprecedented.
Son Heung-min comes off bench and ends his goal drought with a 13-minute hat-trick as Tottenham punish Leicester's latest defensive horror show.
The police watchdog has opened a homicide investigation into the death of Chris Kaba.
The King will be alert to the possibility his reign could be defined by the loosening of ties that held the union together.
A vigil for the Queen held by Princes Harry and William and their cousins leads Sunday's front pages.
The Queen's passing is driving debates over the legacy of colonialism and the British Empire in North America.
Human rights campaigners say it is a stain on Queen Elizabeth II's memory.
Laura Kuenssberg will hear from at least two Commonwealth PMs as world leaders pay their respects.
Dates to look out for over the next few months that might have an impact on your finances.
The indie-pop band on soundtracking strange times, being more present and escaping to the metaverse.
A group of eight cats arrived from Namibia on the occasion of PM Narendra Modi's birthday.
After Covid delayed their wedding for years, Christie and Jake are keen to go ahead with their plans.
Women who want to end their pregnancies because of rare complications must navigate strict laws.
A chance meeting led to Jim and Margaret Mitchell falling in love 20 years after a maternity ward mix-up.
The ex-One Direction star has a new album, but his solo career hasn't quite gone the way he planned.
Will Brendan Rodgers keep his job at Leicester City after their 6-2 hammering at Tottenham?
After Jack Grealish scores his first goal of the season in Man City's 3-0 win at Wolves, can anyone stop Pep Guardiola's side winning their third successive title?
Kent win their first List A trophy since 1978 as they beat Lancashire by 21 runs at Trent Bridge to win the One-Day Cup.
Roger Varian trains seven winners on Saturday at combined odds of 34,839-1, while Summerghand wins the Ayr Gold Cup.
Tottenham's Son Heung-min ends his barren six-game spell with a devastating 13-minute hat-trick, so is the 30-year-old back to his best?
Saracens battle back from 17-0 down to beat Harlequins in a thrilling London derby at Twickenham Stoop.
There are huge queues along the banks of the River Thames as people wait to pay their respects.
The Queen, her children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren - four generations of the UK royals.
Thousands of people have lined up for miles to pay their respects to the Queen as she lies in state.
The Queen's coffin is lying in state for a fourth and final day ahead of her state funeral tomorrow.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
Here's what we know so far about who will and will not attend this historic event.
Sitting with the heads of state at Monday's funeral will be Monty Roberts, a cowboy from California.
When the monarch visited a US housing project in 1991, a thrilled Alice Frazier gave her an authentic welcome.
The Queen's association with Windsor Great Park began in the 1930s when her family moved to Windsor.
Charles thanks the public as the UK prepares to say its "last farewell" to the Queen at her funeral.
People across the UK pause to mark the moment of reflection ahead of the late monarch's funeral on Monday.
The young prince and princess will join more than 2,000 mourners in the congregation.
Here's what we know so far about who will and will not attend this historic event.
Several hundred are turned away as the last person admitted to the queue says "it means a lot".
Taken before the Platinum Jubilee, it shows the late monarch smiling brightly in Windsor Castle.
King Charles III has succeeded Queen Elizabeth II after her death at Balmoral.
Olena Zelenska says she has come to pay her respects to the Queen on behalf of all Ukrainians.
She tells the BBC that the Queen "carved her own role" in a world dominated by men.
Alla Pugacheva says the Kremlin's "illusory aims" in Ukraine are making a pariah of Russia.
It comes after a further protest took place in the city on Sunday, following large-scale disorder on Saturday.
The US island's population of 3.3 million loses electricity as Hurricane Fiona makes landfall.
That profile on the stamps, that voice at Christmas - the Elizabethan Era truly ends on Monday.
Here's what will happen for the Queen's funeral.
The Queen's funeral will be broadcast on the BBC and shown on big screens around the UK.
The service will pay tribute to the Queen's "remarkable reign", Buckingham Palace says.
Monday's front pages are wholly dedicated to Queen Elizabeth ahead of her state funeral in Westminster.
The South Asian nation was already grappling with high prices, low foreign reserves and high debt levels.
She has got thousands of followers, but what means more is how many lives she saves.
Nick Robinson delves into the archive to explore the significance of the queue to see the Queen's lying-in-state.
Experts call the mosaic one of the greatest archaeological treasures ever found in Gaza.
Sheep farmer and singer John Hughes was approached by Welcome to Wrexham producers on Facebook.
The Queen's passing is driving debates over the legacy of colonialism and the British Empire.
A vigil for the Queen held by Princes Harry and William and their cousins leads Sunday's front pages.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer says it is not time to talk about Arsenal as title contenders yet, but Sunday's win over Brentford epitomised their progress under Mikel Arteta.
Brighton name former Shakhtar Donetsk and Sassuolo manager Roberto de Zerbi as Graham Potter's replacement.
The return of the Women's Super League sees shock results, record crowds and impressive debut goals, writes Emma Sanders.
Andy Murray says he hopes to "still be selected for the Davis Cup in the future" after he helped Great Britain to a 2-1 victory over Kazakhstan.
Smriti Mandhana and Harmanpreet Kaur guide India to a comfortable seven-wicket win over England in the first one-day international.
Scotland's Robert MacIntyre clinches his second DP World Tour triumph as he beats Matt Fitzpatrick in a play-off at the Italian Open.
MOTD2 pundit Alan Shearer says Gabriel Jesus is the "game-changer" for Arsenal as he analyses the forward's performance against Brentford.
People from across the UK and abroad on how they are preparing to say a final farewell to the Queen.
Here's an at-a-glance guide to what is open and closed on the bank holiday to mark the Queen's funeral.
Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby drew criticism after being spotted by people who were filing past the coffin.
Queen Elizabeth II's domestic chaplain says "she saw her calling as from almighty God".
The Queen's coffin is lying in state for a fourth and final day ahead of her state funeral tomorrow.
The Queen, her children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren - four generations of the UK royals.
The death of Queen Elizabeth II has had a major impact on daily life. What can we expect?
For Irish and NI people in London, the Queen's funeral brings reflection on British-Irish relations.
In living rooms and parks, pubs and town squares, people marked the Queen's funeral in their own way.
Billions promised in military aid as the PM restarts her agenda, following mourning for the Queen.
Prosecutors last week asked the court to vacate the conviction and release Syed pending a retrial.
King Charles led other royals in a sombre procession behind his mother's coffin to its final resting place.
Thousands of people turned out to watch Queen Elizabeth II's funeral in London and her final journey to Windsor.
Muick, Sandy and Emma were pictured as their mistress's coffin approached.
The teenager's inquest begins today and some see it as test of the power of US tech giants.
The Russia-backed mayor of the eastern city of Donetsk blames Ukrainians for the blasts that killed 13.
The 7.6 magnitude quake hit Mexico as the country marked previous shocks that left thousands dead.
The president said there is still "a lot of work" being done to control the virus in the US.
Chief epidemiologist Wu Zunyou issued the warning a day after China recorded its first monkeypox case.
Mahsa Amini, 22, collapsed after being held by morality police for allegedly breaking hijab rules.
Oaks, maples and chestnuts found in cities are among over 1,000 tree species that are flagged at risk.
All the papers are dedicated to the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II, who has been laid to rest in Windsor.
Giorgia Meloni has surged in the polls ahead of Sunday's vote with promises on taxes and migration.
Natural disasters have spurred some communities and homeowners to generate their own electricity.
Russia's Ukraine retreat leaves joy, but also destruction and danger.
Thousands of displaced families in Pakistan are now threatened by diseases like dengue and malaria.
The actress was at Westminster Abbey along with Dame Kiri Te Kanawa and Sir Patrick Vallance.
What’s the story behind the most iconic item in the Crown Jewels?
David Beckham and Tyson Fury pay tribute to Queen Elizabeth II on the day of her state funeral.
MLS launches an investigation into allegations that DC United forward Taxi Fountas directed a racial slur towards Inter Miami defender Damion Lowe.
Former world number one Naomi Osaka says she has gone through "more downs than ups" this year having dropped to 48th in the world rankings.
Wales call up 18-year-old Birmingham midfielder Jamie Jordan for their Nations League games against Belgium and Poland.
Grant Hanley, Jacob Brown and Jon McLaughlin withdraw from Scotland's squad before Wednesday's Nations League match with Ukraine.
Football Focus pays tribute to Queen Elizabeth II by looking back at her connection with the national sport.
An era was ending right before our eyes, writes Sean Coughlan, who was inside Westminster Abbey.
Watch one of the most momentous pieces of pageantry of the day - as the Queen is separated from her crown jewels.
The Queen's funeral was steeped in tradition, but there were some personal touches too.
Here's what we know so far about who did and did not attend this historic event.
Our correspondents on how countries around the world witnessed the ceremony for Queen Elizabeth II.
People have shared messages of condolence with the BBC. They show many felt a personal connection to her.
Photos of the Queen's state funeral, the service at Westminster Abbey to her final journey to Windsor.
The meaning and symbolism behind the Queen's carefully chosen funeral flowers.
Here's how the day's events unfolded.
London observes two-minute silence for the Queen
Russia's partial military call-up triggers protests - and a rush for flights to foreign destinations.
Three men captured while fighting with Ukraine's military are among the five released.
In an impassioned UN speech, the Ukrainian leader calls for the creation of a special war tribunal.
Scientists say they have slowed and partially reversed damage, marking a "new era" in the disease.
Along with three of his children, the ex-president is accused of lying to "unjustly enrich himself".
The health secretary unveils plans to boost access - but doctors say they will have minimal impact.
Police in Huddersfield begin a murder investigation after the incident on Wednesday afternoon.
Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng is expected to announce a welfare shake-up to 'get Britain working again'.
Downing Street condemns the Russian leader's call-up of reservists and vows to stand by Ukraine.
Two Met PCs shared grossly offensive messages on WhatsApp with Sarah Everard's killer Wayne Couzens.
A rate increase for the voluntary scheme has been brought forward due to the rising cost of living.
The mother of the 24-year-old shot dead by the Met says watching the footage was "very hard".
The US unveils another sharp rate rise as it fights to bring soaring prices under control.
Russia's mobilisation of 300,000 reservists and threats to use nuclear weapons dominate the front pages.
A look at Russia's nuclear arsenal and basic guide to nuclear weapons and their destructive power.
The Bank of England will announce its decision later with a seventh consecutive rise expected.
As Australians hold a day of mourning, we look back on memorable moments from her trips down under.
An Indian initiative seeking to break down taboos has been simulating period pain in men.
The schoolgirl who took her own life aged 14 had a secret Twitter account which reveals her thoughts.
Some companies warn the six-month cap on gas and electricity costs will not provide long-term security.
Why a quiet corner of Wales gave William and Catherine a taste of relatively normal life for a time.
The super space observatory returns spectacular imagery of the Solar System's most distant planet.
Activists describe the conflict as "horrific" and don masks to spray messages on Russian streets.
The chancellor is expected to announce tax cuts and help for people struggling with rising costs.
The erotic messages supposedly sent from women on some adult websites are often actually from men.
The US has been taking a keen interest in who Brazil picks as its next president. Why?
When faced with a choice, Vladimir Putin always seems to choose escalation, writes the BBC's Russia editor.
Some businesses are giving staff incentives to get them back into the workplace.
The death of a woman detained by Iran's morality police has sparked angry protests, but who are they?
President Putin has said Western military advisers are actively involved in Ukraine.
Ukraine's advances prompt Russia to launch a partial military mobilisation, raising the stakes.
Disorder broke out at the weekend, between people from parts of the Muslim and Hindu communities.
The Radio 2 presenter says he is "disgusted" at social media giants after experience left him "broken".
Scotland go some way to compensating for their World Cup play-off heartache by claiming a crucial Nations League victory over Ukraine at Hampden to move top of Group B1.
Harmanpreet Kaur hits a sublime 143 not out from 111 balls to guide India to an 88-run victory over England in the second one-day international at Canterbury.
Roger Federer says he will play one final doubles match, in the Laver Cup on Friday evening, before ending his illustrious career.
Poker's rapid growth during the 2000s took the card game to new heights. Antonio Esfandiari was among its 'rock stars'.
Watch the best shots from Harmanpreet Kaur's "sensational" 143 not out as she guides India to an 88-run victory over England in the second one-day international in Canterbury.
Premiership club Wasps says the move "does not mean the business is in administration" but will provide "a crucial period of grace".
George Balderson takes a hat-trick as Lancashire bowl out Essex for 59 to claim a remarkable victory.
The warning comes as the Bank raises interest rates to 2.25% - the highest level for 14 years.
Kwasi Kwarteng will borrow billions to boost growth and limit the impact of soaring bills
Georgia's border sees large queues after flights sell out as some fighting-age men flee Russia.
The boats carrying more than 100 people had set off from near the Lebanese port city of Tripoli.
The Church of England would not allow her to take the funeral because she is married to a woman.
One man injected with the modified cold sore virus saw his tumour completely disappear.
A new survey from Microsoft suggests that workers and bosses disagree about productivity.
Rising sea levels are threatening ancient castles and forts at an accelerating rate, says English Heritage.
The death of a woman who allegedly broke headscarf rules sparks the worst unrest in recent years.
A 16-year-old boy is being questioned on suspicion of murdering 15-year-old Khayri Mclean.
The Prince and Princess of Wales make their first public appearance since the Queen's funeral.
Russia is "irresponsible" to threaten using nuclear weapons in Ukraine, a top US official tells the BBC.
A child can be heard crying 'Daddy, goodbye' in a video shared on Russian social media
A difficult economic outlook faces the UK and the government's plans to cut taxes lead the front pages.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Brighten up your accommodation, make friends and save on costs with these handy items.
Now a Category 4 storm, Hurricane Fiona has wrecked parts of Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic.
Brazil presidential hopefuls step up their social media campaigns with dancing, crying and celebrity endorsements.
Africa Eye investigates the struggles facing illegal migrants between Nigeria and Europe.
Daniel Craig backs three fathers who lost daughters to suicide ahead of their latest challenge.
In Lithuania, Russians opposing Vladimir Putin's war say their home country is "like a huge prison".
A closer look at the former president's real estate, and allegations he lied about its value.
The search for wheat alternatives is being driven by a demand for healthier diets and food security.
Matt Goss, Ellie Simmonds and other stars of the new Strictly Come Dancing series spill the beans.
Some are grappling with how to celebrate her life while also acknowledging trauma from colonisation.
The shocking attack on a young woman in a toilet sparks fury over the nation's weak anti-stalking laws.
Russian men explain how they are trying to resist Vladimir Putin's call-up of 300,000 military reservists.
Kevin de Bruyne stars as Belgium withstand a spirited fightback from Wales to leave them teetering on the brink of relegation in the Nations League.
Babar Azam hits 110 not out and Mohammad Rizwan an unbeaten 88 as Pakistan pull off a remarkable 10-wicket victory over England.
The chair of Sussex County Cricket Club Jon Filby says the English game's current schedule is "unworkable" but proposed changes are "equally unworkable".
Gareth Southgate says England's players cannot do much more but discuss human rights issues in the build-up to the World Cup in Qatar.
Tailenders' podcaster Felix White trades cricket for baseball as he visits Fenway Park to prepare to commentate on New York Yankees v Boston Red Sox live on the BBC this Saturday,
Surrey win the County Championship for the first time since 2018 - their 20th outright title - as they beat Yorkshire at The Oval.
Roger Federer's final match will see him play alongside old rival Rafael Nadal in the Laver Cup doubles on Friday.
The government has confirmed it will reverse the 1.25p increase in National Insurance.
What are the stamp duty rules across the UK?
Interest rates have risen to the highest level for 14 years. Here is what it means for you.
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at nearly its highest rate in 40 years.
The chancellor has faced criticism for cutting taxes for the wealthy during a cost-of-living crisis.
Russia is holding the self-styled referendums in parts of Ukraine it wants to claim control over.
Magnus Carlsen's apparent accusation against Hans Niemann is the biggest chess scandal in years.
If they are a single player, the win would make them richer than Adele or Ozzy Osbourne.
He appears in an unconventional official photo which shows him carrying out his head of state duties.
Roger Federer brings the curtain down on his illustrious career by teaming up with fellow great Rafael Nadal on an emotional night in London.
Lawyers say Uefa failed to provide a safe environment for fans at the Champions League final in Paris.
Florida is also on hurricane watch, as Hurricane Hermine makes its way to the US south-east coast.
The move comes after Iran tries to clamp down on internet freedom to stamp out widespread protests.
Political leaders hold rallies ahead of elections on Sunday that could bring Giorgia Meloni to power.
The former president's mounting bills are being paid by donors and the Republican party.
England are relegated to the Nations League second tier for the first time following defeat by Italy in Milan.
Tributes are paid to the "visionary force in the world of hip-hop, dance and rave", who died aged 60.
Saturday's papers are dominated by Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng's biggest tax cuts in 50 years.
David Sanderson was one of eight Grenadier Guards to bear the casket in London and Windsor.
The Booker Prize winner, known for creating the Wolf Hall series, died on Thursday aged 70.
Female players hope a new televised mixed doubles event will inspire young women to get into snooker.
George Ward performed as Cherry Valentine on the second series of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
The rapper's latest video stars a huge cast of black cultural icons - and it's got people excited.
Faisal Islam explains what the biggest tax cuts in 50 years mean for those across the income scale.
Next year is the 100-year anniversary of one of California's most iconic landmarks.
It comes after an enormous dead Sei whale washed up on a County Down beach in early September.
On Saturday, one of India's best female cricketers is set to play her last international game.
The BBC talked to households and businesses to get their reactions to the mini-budget.
The leadership is seeing anger on the streets in nationwide protests in a way it has not before.
Russia is losing its war in Ukraine and now four regions are holding self-styled referendums.
A new survey from the tech giant suggests workers and bosses disagree about productivity.
Rising sea levels are threatening ancient castles and forts at an accelerating rate, says English Heritage.
Harry Brook and Ben Duckett impress as England beat Pakistan by 63 runs to take a 2-1 lead in the Twenty20 series.
Benson Henderson earns a unanimous decision win over Ireland's Peter Queally at Bellator 285 in Dublin.
Manchester City and England stars Chloe Kelly and Lauren Hemp take on the Football Focus Honesty Cards - but what truths will be revealed?
Three-time Olympic gold medallist Max Whitlock "felt like a complete failure" when he contemplated stepping away from the sport after the Tokyo Games.
Spain women's players deny they asked the country's football association to dismiss head coach Jorge Vilda.
The United States are on course to maintain their Presidents Cup dominance as they extend their lead over the International team to 8-2 after day two.
The sheer daring nature of the Kwasi Kwarteng's announcement caused shockwaves, says Newsnight's Nicholas Watt.
A simple guide to how currency is valued and what it means for your finances.
Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng outlines changes to tax, stamp duty and rules for those claiming benefits.
Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng has delivered what the government calls a "fiscal event". Here is how it affects you.
Universal credit is a single benefit payment for working-age people.
The government has confirmed it will reverse the 1.25p increase in National Insurance.
Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves says the mini-budget is "admission of 12 years of economic failure".
What are the stamp duty rules across the UK?
Calls for Her Majesty to be honoured on the Fourth Plinth are met with support in the Commons.
The Labour leader sets out plans to make the UK entirely free from fossil fuels by 2030.
The rail union leader says he is "more optimistic" about a breakthrough under a new transport secretary.
Aiden Aslin says he was kept in solitary confinement for five months, beaten up and stabbed.
At least 35 people have died in the unrest, triggered by the death of a young woman in custody.
Over 700 people were arrested at protests across the country on Saturday, rights groups said.
Italians are deciding whether to choose their most right-wing government since World War Two.
The launch of the American space agency's big new Moon rocket is being delayed for the third time.
It came after a US military ship arrived in South Korea, and before a visit by the US vice president.
The stone is engraved in memory of the Queen, her parents, and her late husband, the Duke of Edinburgh.
Scotland need a point away to Ukraine on Tuesday to win Nations League Group B1 after a dogged comeback victory over the Republic of Ireland at Hampden.
Fiona - which was downgraded from a hurricane - has left extensive flooding across two provinces.
The hosts of the hit Fortunately podcast will host a new weekday afternoon programme and a podcast.
Briton Joe Joyce walks through fire to knock out Joseph Parker in their heavyweight showdown in Manchester.
Following the controversial mini-budget, Sunday's papers report on the PM's plans for more tax cuts.
It's filled with artefacts that have shaped history - but its doors are firmly shut to the public.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Eshwar Tiwari began breaking 10 years ago for fun. He'll soon represent India at a world tournament.
It is being trialled to help people with prosthetic arms enjoy sports such as surfing and yoga.
In the 1970s, an international campaign demanded that governments recognise the value of unpaid work done in the home, primarily by women.
The widely watched dancing competition has paired the celebrities, including comedian Ellie Taylor and actor Will Mellor, with their dancing professionals.
The journey to Princess of Wales was a slower, quieter route than that of her famous predecessor.
US President Joe Biden surprised Sir Elton John by giving him a medal for his contribution to music.
Three-time Olympic gold medallist Max Whitlock "felt like a complete failure" when he contemplated stepping away from the sport after the Tokyo Games.
Organisers of the football tournament are facing criticism over a lack of affordable accommodation.
The BBC has followed families who have moved from Hong Kong to the UK, to see if life is everything they hoped for.
Unpicking the web of misinformation around the Leicester disorder.
President Putin has been stoking fears that he will use tactical nuclear weapons in the Ukraine war.
Radio host Eddie Kadi says stars like Burna Boy have propelled the genre into the mainstream.
A scandalous heist at Dublin Castle made international headlines and remains unsolved to this day.
Laura Kuenssberg on why her guest this Sunday faces a whole new set of political and economic challenges.
Biyi Bandele, whose film has premiered after his death, was a huge figure in British and Africa writing.
Was India's match-winning dismissal of England's Charlie Dean really controversial, or just part of the game?
St Helens win a record-breaking fourth consecutive Super League Grand Final to end Kristian Woolf's tenure on a triumphant note.
Watch Deepti Sharma's controversial 'Mankad' dismissal of Charlie Dean as India complete a 3-0 series whitewash over England.
A record Women's Super League crowd is "still just the beginning" for women's football, says Arsenal forward Beth Mead.
Terri Harper is crowned the new WBA super-welterweight champion with an impressive unanimous decision victory over Scotland's Hannah Rankin.
India complete a 3-0 series whitewash over England in the third and final one-day international after a controversial dismissal by Deepti Sharma.
Giorgia Meloni is on course to be Italy's first female PM, with a right-wing coalition, exit polls say.
Demonstrators clashed with security officials, in rare violent backlashes against police.
The nine-time Grammy winner will headline February's event in Arizona, the NFL has announced.
A people smuggler lifts the lid on his trade to BBC Panorama's Jane Corbin.
Khayri McLean, 15, was stabbed outside a school in Huddersfield and died later in hospital.
Rain is beginning to fall, with life-threatening flooding and landslides expected.
Scrapping the 45% rate is the "wrong choice" during a cost-of living crisis, the Labour leader says.
Magnus Carlsen says he wants cheating taken "seriously" as he vows to issue a statement within days.
The Met Police says several officers were hurt in the clashes and five people were arrested.
Wales are relegated from the top tier of the Nations League after they are beaten at home by Poland.
Opposition parties demand investigation into possible conflicts of interest over "shocking" arrangement.
A man is in custody following an "intensive investigation" involving two police forces.
The minister is under tighter police surveillance after a "serious threat", federal prosecutors say.
Politicians and celebrities react to last week's mini-budget, which continues to dominate the papers.
A Montreal family goes on a global sightseeing tour after three of the children are diagnosed with a genetic condition.
Siyuan Zhuji compiled close-up footage of himself taking dozens of tests.
The capsizing of the Joola, a government-owned Senegalese ferry, took more lives than the infamous Titanic.
The project's founder called the actor a "rock" after he contributed £55,000 over the past year.
A unique dance hall in County Tyrone from Ireland's showband era is to be demolished.
Giorgia Meloni aims to be Italy's first female PM and vehemently rejects any link to fascism.
The new king helped drive a renaissance in British cheesemaking when the industry was in crisis 30 years ago.
The TV hit has spawned a dance show, which creator Steven Knight hopes will attract new audiences.
Opposition to the funeral has been growing in recent weeks, with thousands of Japanese marching against it.
Japanese start-up firms are developing next-generation solar panels and microchips.
Unpicking the web of misinformation around the Leicester disorder.
Pakistan beat England by three runs in a thrilling Twenty20 match to level their seven-match series at 2-2.
Everton ruin Merseyside rivals Liverpool's day at Anfield and pick up their first win of the Women's Super League season.
Neil Robertson and Nutcharut 'Mink' Wongharuthai win the World Mixed doubles title after beating Mark Selby and Rebecca Kenna 4-2.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he knows that results at the World Cup will dictate his future, despite his contract runing until 2024.
Watch highlights as Everton cruise to a 3-0 victory in the Merseyside derby on Liverpool's return to Anfield in the Women's Super League.
Conor McMenamin is reinstated to the Northern Ireland squad and has travelled with the team to Greece for Tuesday's Nations League match, BBC Sport NI understands.
Andy Murray has not been spurred into planning his own send-off by Roger Federer's emotional farewell at the Laver Cup, which Team Europe lost in London.
The Bank of England said it was "monitoring developments closely" after the pound hit a record low.
Two lenders, Virgin Money and Skipton, say they will stop mortgage offers to new customers.
The symbol of the new reign will be used by government but will only gradually appear on post boxes.
Sir Keir Starmer will tell Labour's conference he has brought the party back to the centre ground.
Giorgia Meloni is set to lead a right-wing coalition as Italy's first female PM.
More than five million people have taken on additional jobs, according to a report by Royal London.
Reports say people with no military experience, or who are too old or disabled, are being enlisted.
England fight back from two goals down before being held to a draw in a six-goal thriller against Germany.
Many useful members of this "iconic" plant family are at risk of extinction, according to a study.
The former US intelligence contractor leaked a vast US intelligence surveillance programme in 2013.
The 14-year-old girl viewed material about self-harm and suicide before she took her own life.
It comes as some trial dates have been put off for months due to the criminal barristers' strike.
Turmoil in the markets on Monday, which saw the value of the pound hit a record low, leads the papers.
The four stamps will be the first set approved by King Charles III to mark his mother's reign.
As Hurricane Ian makes its way through the Caribbean towards the US - we ask if climate change is making these storms more severe?
Delivery rider Luciano is just one of those going to extreme measures to survive Brazil's cost of living crisis.
The rugby league star aims to run 300 miles (482km) in a week to raise funds for motor neurone disease research.
The house in Liverpool, dubbed the House of Sin, was expected to fetch £250,000 at auction.
Siyuan Zhuji has compiled close-up footage of himself taking dozens of tests.
The 91-year-old's famous voice is now being digitally recreated by a Ukrainian start-up.
After leaving Centenary Square, the bull was found on derelict land while awaiting a new home.
A study reveals the extent of controlling behaviour in cases where victims are killed by current or ex-partners.
Apple chief executive tells the BBC the tech sector needs more women in order to thrive.
To what extent was the storming of the Capitol building planned in advance?
New public buildings in Finland have to incorporate more wood, which is leading builders to innovate.
Apple TV's new film The Greatest Beer Run Ever follows an unusual true story from the Vietnam War.
The BBC meets four of the 11,000 people keeping the complex Sellafield nuclear site going.
55 Tufton Street has hosted organisations that have had a big political impact over the last decade.
A people smuggler lifts the lid on his trade to BBC Panorama's Jane Corbin.
Opposition to the funeral has been growing in recent weeks, with thousands of Japanese marching against it.
Eight years after 43 students vanished in Guerrero state, Mexicans are still demanding answers.
The discounter gains 1.5 million new customers in 12 weeks, says UK chief executive Giles Hurley.
Some patients have lost the full use of their arm after surgery at Walsall Manor Hospital.
While England showed desire against Germany, Harry Maguire looks in no shape for the pressures of a World Cup campaign.
Financially stricken Premiership club Worcester Warriors are suspended from all competitions and put into administration.
Tyson Fury says his proposed heavyweight world-title fight with Anthony Joshua in December is off as his self-imposed deadline expires.
England show signs of promise in their 3-3 comeback draw with Germany, but will Gareth Southgate's loyalty prove a risk too far?
England captain Heather Knight denies India's claim Charlie Dean was warned before her controversial run-out as the row over the incident continues.
Scottish Premiership clubs approve a proposed new five-year £150m broadcasting deal with Sky Sports.
Watch the best goals from the latest round of the Women's Super League, including Beth Mead's sublime opener and Rafaelle Souza's exceptional header.
The value of the pound touched a record low against the dollar after big tax cuts were announced.
Some worry about the effect on the party's reputation, while others think market reaction will settle.
Sterling fell to a record low after the UK government announced large tax cuts and borrowing.
Interest rates are at highest level for 14 years. Here is what it means for you.
Rachel Reeves says unfunded commitments by Kwasi Kwarteng are causing the sell-off of sterling.
Sterling sinks close to $1.03 as global markets react to the UK's biggest tax cuts in 50 years.
Kwasi Kwarteng declines to comment on the market reaction since his mini-budget on Friday.
The UK government proposals will work at "cross purposes" with the cost-of-living fight, the IMF says.
The central bank's chief economist signalled in a speech it could not be 'indifferent' over the pound's slump.
Breakfast clubs will be funded by returning the top rate of income tax to 45%, Labour say.
Moscow-installed officials claim the so-called referendums show almost total support for joining Russia.
It will cover the Christmas build-up, including key shopping days Black Friday and Cyber Monday.
Massive queues have formed as men desperately try to flee Russia to avoid being sent to fight in Ukraine.
Florida's vulnerable Tampa Bay area could be struck directly for the first time in a century.
The singer is accused of failing to pay €14.5m (£12.9m) in tax and could face eight years in jail.
People should prepare for a rampant flu season, say experts, based on what Australia has experienced.
Data watchdog says it is naming and shaming seven organisations for failing to share information.
Sussex Police apologises after a row on social media over a child sex offender's gender identity.
ITV's chief executive defends This Morning's under-fire hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield.
Keir Starmer's speech at Labour's conference and the impact of rate rises on mortgages lead the papers.
The shortlist of seven possible UK host cities for next year's song contest is whittled down to two.
Steven Knight says the show could return with new writers, taking the story into the 1950s.
Kate talked style with one boy as she and William visited Anglesey as Prince and Princess of Wales.
Liverpool's dock workers have called on Keir Starmer to "show solidarity" with them on the picket line.
An investigation is ongoing after the aircraft overshot the runway at Montpellier Airport.
Their headmaster admits teachers are struggling to tell some of the siblings apart.
Emma Jenkinson carries cockatiel Snowy in a special carrier to try and lure Pippy, its mate, home.
Amateur photographer Chris Lowther expected images of the night sky, but not the Northern Lights.
Keir Starmer thinks the UK's economic turmoil presents him with a chance, says our political editor.
The BBC has spoken to Iranians detained by security forces during the protests sweeping the country.
Russia is poised to annex Ukrainian regions, while Ukraine blames Moscow for gas pipeline damage.
Protesters marched against a state funeral for Abe even as local and global leaders gathered to honour him.
BBC Sport's Phil McNulty addresses the major issues facing England manager Gareth Southgate as he finalises his plans for Qatar.
More and more people are being forced to turn to additional jobs, according to a report by Royal London.
While each mass shooting in the US is unique, experts say the killers share some things in common.
The self-styled referendums in east and south Ukraine are dismissed as a sham by Kyiv and the West.
The trial of five militia members could reveal to what extent the 6 January riot was planned.
A depleted Scotland earn promotion to the top tier of the Nations League after a defensively disciplined and brave display clinches the point they needed against Ukraine.
Northern Ireland retain their Nations League third-tier status as a dismal campaign ends with a disappointing 3-1 defeat by Greece in Athens.
English cricket must "find some compromise" over "radical" plans to overhaul the domestic calendar amid opposition, says ECB chair Richard Thompson.
Preparing to host the World Cup of 1994, the USA played 91 friendlies in a crash course in international football - a plan that worked.
Alvaro Morata scores an 88th-minute winning goal as Spain beat Portugal in Braga to qualify for the Nations League finals.
Phil Mickelson and Ian Poulter drop out of a lawsuit filed against the PGA Tour over its decision to suspend players who participated on the new LIV Golf circuit.
England Under-21s deliver a fine performance as they come from behind to defeat European champions Germany 3-1 in a friendly at Bramall Lane.
The value of the pound touched a record low against the dollar on Monday after big tax cuts were announced.
Interest rates are at their highest level for 14 years. Here is what it means for you.
Some economists predict the Bank of England will raise the interest rate to as much as 5.8% by next spring.
Sterling fell to a record low after the UK government announced large tax cuts and borrowing.
The Bank of England said it was "monitoring developments closely" after the pound hit a record low.
Some worry about the effect on the party's reputation, while others think market reaction will settle.
Government departments are also being told to find cuts to help reduce spending, the BBC is told.
BBC Panorama goes undercover and finds patients being humiliated, verbally abused and bullied by staff.
The tax-cutting plans in Friday's mini-budget sparked turmoil for the UK economy.
The EU, US and Nato say the Nord Stream pipeline leaks appear to have been caused by sabotage.
The Queen was buried with Prince Philip and alongside the remains of her father, mother and sister.
BBC investigation finds oil companies not declaring millions of tonnes of emissions linked to cancer.
A fake car dealership website defrauded victims out of thousands of pounds, BBC investigation finds.
A man died after four telephone consultations with his GP surgery but no face-to-face assessment.
The average annual household energy bill in the UK will rise from £1,971 to £2,500.
The incident involving an Icelandair and Korean Air aircraft is being investigated.
The number of people complaining to HMRC about companies claiming tax repayments on their behalf has tripled in two years, a BBC investigation finds.
A £65bn injection from the Bank of England to prop up pension funds on Wednesday leads the papers.
He urges the music industry to take the issue more seriously, as he's honoured for his charity work.
Four dogs successfully identified samples of sweat or breath taken from a stressed person.
The BBC’s Abdujalil Abdurasulov reports from Ukrainian front line positions in the Kherson region
Ron Gittins transformed his rented home in Birkenhead and now campaigners are trying to buy it.
A mental health hospital has traumatised a vulnerable young woman with autism, her family says.
The chancellor is under pressure to do a U-turn but some MPs are prepared to give him more time.
The country singer on a brush with death, standing up to sexism, and her "celebratory" new album.
Presidential candidate Lula is ahead in the polls, despite a legacy tainted by corruption scandals.
For years, Suffolk teenager Katy Shaw's symptoms were either misdiagnosed or not believed.
Millions of people will be offered a vaccine to protect themselves against flu this winter.
How a podcast may have solved the mystery of a dead child washed up on a Fife beach in 1971.
Pakistan take a 3-2 lead in their Twenty20 series against England with a six-run victory in a low-scoring match in Lahore.
Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall says he has "never experienced anything like" their trip to Amsterdam where they beat Ajax to qualify for the group stage of the Women's Champions League.
Rangers miss out on a Champions League group stage debut after Benfica's extra-time double in Portugal.
Chelsea recover from an early setback to beat West Ham in the Women's Super League at Kingsmeadow.
'Category A' Super League clubs would not be able to be relegated under IMG recommendations, following the sport's "most comprehensive" consultation.
Four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah withdraws from Sunday's London Marathon with a hip injury.
Goals from Fran Kirby, Sam Kerr and Millie Bright help Chelsea turn around an early deficit and beat London rivals West Ham 3-1 in the Women's Super League.
This is a huge intervention that will buy the government time but not solve its problems.
BBC News personal-finance correspondent Kevin Peachey answers your mortgage questions.
Some economists predict the Bank of England will raise the interest rate to as much as 5.8% by next spring.
How does a government borrow money, and when does it have to pay it back?
The US dollar is at a 20-year high, and that affects businesses and households across the world.
Liz Truss and the chancellor will meet the OBR as a group of MPs call for its forecast to be released.
A 34-year-old man is held on suspicion of murder after the killing of schoolgirl Olivia Pratt-Korbel.
Within hours, Vladimir Putin is expected to declare that four Ukrainian regions are joining Russia.
Experts call for urgent action to stem brain drain of staff as 40,000 walk away from health service.
Anne Sacoolas is accused of causing death by dangerous driving following a collision in 2019.
A-level and GCSE results in 2023 will be much closer to 2019 levels after a boom in top grades.
The time and cause of Elizabeth II's death have been revealed by Scottish authorities.
US Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm tells the BBC its unlikely Nord Stream leaks are coincidence.
More than 40 leaders, including from all the EU states, were invited to discuss security and energy issues.
Families of children who miss school face harsher penalties depending on where they live in England, the BBC has found.
The Charity Commission is investigating concerns over safeguarding.
Stadia allows players to stream games online without owning a console.
Liz Truss's efforts to reassure the markets that she can control government spending lead the papers.
Visual guide to powerful Hurricane Ian, which has caused devastation in Cuba and Florida
Hundreds of people queue outside Windsor Castle to see the final resting place of Queen Elizabeth II.
In 1995, Coolio combined street-tough lyrics with a pop sensibility - and rap would never be the same.
Frontwoman Hayley Williams talks about returning to the stage and teases plans for a 2023 UK tour.
The foundation made no charitable donations by the time it closed, and the dragon was never built.
Police say nobody was seriously injured in the incident outside an airbase.
The director's live version of the 1999 film will be among the first shows at Manchester's Factory.
The Queen was buried with Prince Philip and alongside the remains of her father, mother and sister.
BBC investigation finds oil companies not declaring millions of tonnes of cancer-linked emissions.
Amber Kotrri says since her victory other businesses said they also received letters from Zara.
Anger rises after 40% of Australians had details stolen in possibly the nation's worst-ever breach.
How a podcast may have solved the mystery of a dead child washed up on a Fife beach in 1971.
An own goal by goalkeeper Kirstie Levell deep in stoppage time gives Everton victory over Leicester City in the Women's Super League.
Tyson Fury urges fellow British heavyweight Anthony Joshua to sign a contract for a world-title fight in December.
St Helens duo Jonny Lomax and Mark Percival are ruled out of England's 24-man squad for the World Cup because of injury concerns.
Liam Norwell takes a stunning 9-62 as Warwickshire beat Hampshire by five runs to send Yorkshire down.
West Bromwich Albion women will wear navy shorts because of concerns about having to wear white while on their periods.
Romain Langasque says he will remember equalling the Old Course record to lead the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship "for the rest of my life".
Arsenal's Gabriel Jesus, Gabriel Martinelli and Granit Xhaka rate each others' style choices for MOTDx, as they accessorise the Gunners' new Caribbean-themed third kit.
A first-time buyer tells BBC One's Question Time four mortgage offers were withdrawn after market turmoil.
Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng says he will stick to his tax cut plan despite days of market turmoil.
The PM's reaction was keenly awaited after a dramatic week which saw a mini-budget and the pound slump.
The prime minister was asked about her plans during a series of BBC local radio interviews.
The BBC's Economics Editor Faisal Islam explains why the Bank of England had to act.
Listen to some of the key moments from the prime minister’s first interviews since the mini-budget announcement.
President Putin has sparked an international outcry by annexing four regions of occupied Ukraine.
The prime minister acknowledges that her economic plans will "involve disruption in the short term".
A two-year government-set cap means price rises taking effect on Saturday are lower than expected.
Large parts of Britain have no train services as rail workers in several unions walk out.
The Prince of Wales says online safety for young people should be "a prerequisite, not an afterthought".
After wreaking deadly havoc in Florida, Ian smashes piers in South Carolina and floods neighbourhoods.
Police search for the body of Keith Bennett, killed in 1964, after "potential remains" are found.
Germany, France, the UK and Sweden have been warned over the involvement of their "agents", Iran says.
Trooper Jack Burnell-Williams reportedly took part in the late Queen's funeral procession.
New text messages between Musk and Twitter boss Parag Agrawal reveal how the relationship broke down.
The War on Larkiv game was accepted and promoted by the world's largest children's game platform.
Wildlife groups praised the move making it illegal to capture, kill, injure or disturb them.
The deal is one of the biggest in music history, approaching the sum paid for Bob Dylan's music.
The chancellor's pledge to bring in a debt-reduction plan and the police hunt for Keith Bennett's body feature.
Lance Armstrong said he'd apologise to the man he sued for reporting on his doping
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Two young people brought up in care speak about challenging stereotypes and the need for safe housing.
Cashy C's, a rap musical about life on the breadline, is being performed in an empty Bradford shop.
Seen from above, the wreckage Hurricane Ian left in its wake shows the power of the historic storm.
Researchers hope to learn more about the species, found in a Salzburg forest, before it goes into hibernation.
The last seven days have been a rollercoaster with mortgage costs and the pound thrown off course.
Teachers in parts of recently-occupied Ukraine say they were beaten and forced to destroy textbooks.
For many voters in Brazil, the election is as much about who they want to keep out as who they want in.
Thousands of transport workers are striking in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions.
It revealed a lump on the newborn's leg was a rare and benign mass called a myofibroma.
Rural rough sleepers face harsh conditions as a taskforce warns of a hidden homelessness "crisis".
This is an attempt to divert from Russia's problems on the battlefield, says the BBC's Steve Rosenberg.
Denmark and Greenland agree to investigate traumatising birth control procedures on Inuit Greenlanders.
The Governess, Anne Hegerty, on autism and how she finds everyday household tasks difficult.
Phil Salt smashes an unbeaten 88 from 41 balls as England storm to an eight-wicket win over Pakistan in the sixth T20 international.
Alex Albon declares himself fit to race in the Singapore Grand Prix after completing practice on his first day on track after a medical emergency.
Jurgen Klopp says he would pick "exceptional" Trent Alexander-Arnold in any team after the full-back was overlooked by England manager Gareth Southgate.
Luton Town inflict a sixth Championship defeat of the season on Hull City, who sacked manager Shota Arveladze just hours before kick-off.
The presenter says the BBC could have handled her exit better when it decided to shake up the show.
Liverpool's Harvey Elliott and Fabio Carvalho put their friendship to the test with Honesty Cards.
All UK households will get a grant which will reduce energy bills by £400 from October.
Consumer Affairs Correspondent Colletta Smith has picked out some of the best ways to cut costs in your home.
Millions are seeing their energy bills go up, but there are ways to help ease the mounting costs.
The prime minister was asked about her plans during a series of BBC local radio interviews.
One woman who made the switch says her coal bunker has been raided by a thief.
The retreat came amid fears thousands of soldiers would be encircled in Lyman, and is seen as a significant blow.
Laura Kuenssberg on what options the PM - one of her guests on Sunday - has to calm her party.
At least 127 died after police tear-gassed rioting supporters after a match on East Java.
The monarch and prime minister agreed the King would not attend after he sought government advice.
A 34-year-old man is charged over the death of the nine-year-old who was shot in her Liverpool home.
Florida residents face tough choices about whether to stay or leave in the aftermath of Hurricane Ian.
New cases continue to fall, thanks to vaccines and vigilance, says a top expert.
It was widely reported that the actor had sold his face to a deepfake company.
The day of action across the UK sees people highlight the cost-of-living crisis and the environment.
The Mirror newspaper apologises after mistaking another man for the chancellor in an online story.
Stakes are high as the far-right incumbent Jair Bolsonaro could be unseated by left-wing rival Lula.
Greater Manchester Police says it will continue excavation works but "conditions are difficult".
The deadliest tally in years comes amid a big increase in Israeli military raids.
Leo Varadkar, Mary-Lou McDonald and actor Jimmy Nesbitt amongst the speakers at the 3Arena.
Lewis Hamilton dismisses ongoing controversy about his wearing a nose stud in his F1 car as "all a bit silly", as the issue blows up again at the Singapore Grand Prix.
Polling in Sunday's papers indicates that faith in the government's economic competence is damaged.
Singer Jacob Lusk on the musical rebirth that saw him form the year's most talked-about new band.
The Junkoactive Wasteman and the Tin Can Twins are touring festivals and shows with their music.
Up to 1.6 tonnes of explosives were used to level the 65m (213ft) structure.
The tech billionaire claims the robot will change the future of physical work.
South Korean orphan Milton dreamed of making it to America, the land of his father. One day he seized his chance.
Celebrating multicultural, multi-faith Britain will underscore the new King's first official visits.
The schoolgirl who took her own life aged 14 had a secret Twitter account which reveals her thoughts.
Almost four decades on, the unlikely friendships made during the 1984 miners' strike remain strong.
As the Tory party conference starts, MPs, the market and the public need reassurance, the BBC's Ione Wells says.
Western nations have imposed severe sanctions on Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Over-50s can get another Covid booster, as can younger people who are at higher risk, and NHS staff.
Arsenal have flattered to deceive in recent seasons, but their outstanding win against Tottenham is proof they have rediscovered their identity.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp vows his side will fight through their poor form as Reds' draw with Brighton leaves them 11 points off the top of the table.
BBC Sport looks at the key refereeing decisions on a dramatic and controversial day of Premier League action.
The London Marathon is almost upon us. Here is everything you need to know as 42,000 runners prepare to tackle the iconic course.
Watch the goal by Newcastle's Miguel Almiron that Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer calls a "goal of the season contender" in the Magpies' 4-1 Premier League win over Fulham at Craven Cottage.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy says Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has a big decision to make in midfield for Sunday's Manchester derby.
All UK households will get a grant which will reduce energy bills by £400 from October.
The ex-cabinet minister accuses the PM of not listening to public concern over tax cuts for the well-off.
What has happened in the last 10 days could leave an indelible mark on Liz Truss, some Tories fear.
Neither presidential candidate got more than 50% of the overall vote, meaning they will face off on 30 October.
The owner of the UK's biggest power station, Drax, is cutting down key forests in Canada.
Kwasi Kwarteng will defend his tax cuts during his Conservative Party conference speech.
Prehistoric footprints on Formby Beach have revealed how the British coast transformed over 9,000 years.
Young people with cancer say they are struggling with rent and bills because of soaring living costs.
The Conservative MP tells his party's conference that Irish relations "are not where they should be".
Ukrainian forces on the eastern front in Bakhmut say they will fight for every last inch of soil.
Liz Truss is now as unpopular with voters as Boris Johnson when he was ousted, says veteran pollster.
Viral videos in the US have shown a surprising card game win - and fish stuffed with weights.
Supporters who invaded the pitch are tear-gassed by police, leading to one of the world's worst stadium disasters.
The campaigner was there as "Melanie Brown MBE", rather than as a Spice Girl, she says.
Growing concerns within the Conservative Party over the PM's tax plans dominate Monday's papers.
Whole-body EMS suits are the new big thing in fitness, but do they work?
The animal is caught on camera after forcing its way through a cat flap and eating pet food.
The family of a girl awaiting a heart transplant are asking parents to consider organ donations.
A disability charity uses a tegu lizard during therapy sessions.
A closely-watched case where business titan Richard Liu was accused of rape was settled hours before trial.
Florida residents face tough choices about whether to stay or leave in the aftermath of Hurricane Ian.
Why Manchester City's Erling Haaland is Cristiano Ronaldo, Zlatan Ibrahimovic and other elite strikers in one player.
Dawid Malan hits an unbeaten 78 as England beat Pakistan by 67 runs in the seventh T20 international to clinch a 4-3 series win.
Bruno Lage is sacked as manager of Wolves after 16 months in charge following Saturday's defeat at West Ham United.
Manchester United's derby thrashing is a cold shower for anyone at Old Trafford thinking they might be moving closer to the side they hope to challenge.
Match of the Day 2 pundit Jermaine Jenas analyses Manchester United's "shocking" display in their 6-3 Premier League derby defeat at Manchester City.
Sir Bradley Wiggins joins former Manchester City player Paul Stewart and the FA to back an NSPCC campaign against child abuse in sport.
Prime Minister Liz Truss made claims on growth, borrowing costs and mortgage rises.
The chancellor has been under pressure to say how he will pay for major tax cuts package.
The chancellor says he wants to focus on delivering growth, after admitting it's been a "tough day".
The inquiry's first module looks at pandemic preparedness, as campaigners say lessons must be learned.
The former president weighed bombing Mexican drug labs and nearly fired his daughter, a new book claims.
The tennis player - who is accused of assaulting an ex-partner - cites his struggles with mental health.
Inspectors also endorsed staff "values" at a time when the BBC was filming patients being mistreated.
Demonstrations are happening across the country following the death of a woman detained by morality police.
Demand for Fareshare’s help continues to grow, but there’s been a big fall from their biggest donors.
But she did not reverse the decision to remove titles from four of her grandchildren.
Those on means-tested benefits will get the money between 8 and 23 November, the government says.
Russian officials say Ukrainian armour has made advances in the south and east.
The Beatles drummer is "recovering at home" and hopes to resume shows soon, his spokesperson says.
A woman, aged in her 60s, has died after she was attacked by dogs in a Liverpool house, police say.
Tuesday's papers are dominated by claims the PM faces a new revolt over public spending cuts.
Scottish artist Chloe Fitzpatrick found fame on TikTok after sharing her unusual creative process.
The 44 coins found in Israel date to the Muslim conquest of the area in 635, archaeologists say.
Artist Sam Cox, known as Mr Doodle, is living his childhood dream in a house he's adorned with his own art.
Kim Kardashian agrees to pay $1.26m after regulators charge her in EthereumMax case.
The YouTuber's 30 million subscribers finally find out what he looks like without a mask.
The visit to Scotland is the King and Queen Consort's first joint public appearance since the end of the mourning period.
Women of colour being treated at a London hospital can now choose a "softie" to match their skin tone.
Astronomer Dan Monk said it was Northumberland's best display of the aurora borealis "in ages".
Residents drilled holes in their fences to create wildlife corridors for the animals.
The government has U-turned over its plan to abolish the 45% rate of income tax, but other tax changes are going ahead.
With a little know-how people are tuning their home heating to reduce their gas consumption.
European countries have taken different approaches to higher energy bills.
Pakistan's worst floods in years have left millions homeless and lacking clean drinking water.
The PM and chancellor held a series of crisis talks as it became clear the 45p tax cut policy was going to fail.
Fellow climbers saddened by her death in the Himalayas recall an inspirational figure to a generation of women.
Sweden's Svante Paabo wins the prize for discoveries on humanity's extinct relatives.
Distraught fans demand justice, claiming police use of tear gas triggered a crush which killed 125 people.
Lula and Bolsonaro go head-to-head after a closer than expected first-round result.
Paris's relative absence in its supply of weapons to Ukraine leaves eastern European countries wary.
After once again starring for Leicester in their thrashing of Nottingham Forest, can James Maddison force his way into England's World Cup squad?
Nottingham Forest manager Steve Cooper put a brave face on the 4-0 loss to Leicester, but his job is under threat with the team bottom of the table.
Manchester United forward Alessia Russo will miss England's matches against the USA and the Czech Republic through injury.
Roy Jones Jr speaks to BBC Sport about Chris Eubank Jr v Conor Benn and why he agreed to step aside from coaching Eubank for the fight.
World number one Iga Swiatek criticises the scheduling of upcoming tennis events and says she will not be able to play at November's Billie Jean King Cup Finals.
The 36-year-old man became unwell between miles 23 and 24 of the annual 26.2-mile event.
Match of the Day 2 pundit Jermaine Jenas analyses Manchester United's "shocking" display in their 6-3 Premier League derby defeat by Manchester City at Etihad Stadium.
All UK households will get a grant which will reduce energy bills by £400 from October.
Liz Truss will use her first conference speech as prime minister to explain her economic policies.
Some Tory MPs are clear they will not back a move to end the link between benefits and inflation.
Ms Jolie says Mr Pitt grabbed her by the head and attacked two of their children. He denies the claim.
The families fleeing Russian-occupied areas speak of their hopes and fears as the border hardens.
Alok Sharma says the King has been a champion of the environment and other countries want him to attend COP27.
Climate activists say Egypt should reverse its decision because of Coca-Cola's plastic pollution.
Could the solution to plastic pollution be found inside the mouths of tiny wax worms?
Russia's latest setbacks came as President Putin was due to sign into force annexation decrees.
Time-restricted eating reduced blood pressure and cholesterol in a study of US firefighters.
Aslef union members at 13 rail companies walk out on Wednesday in a row over pay and conditions.
This is the moment a train collided with a police car in Colorado - with a woman in the back seat.
In a letter to Twitter, the billionaire said he would buy the business and honour his original deal.
The papers preview Liz Truss's Conservative conference speech as infighting in the party continues.
The BBC has analysed over 1,000 videos of unprecedented protests following Mahsa Amini's death in custody.
Driverless robo-taxis are being allowed on the city's streets at night for paying members of the public.
Celebrations are being held on a massive scale for the first time since the Covid-19 pandemic.
Olga Valeyeva is fined nearly $700 by the Russian authorities and another woman is jailed for 10 days.
Just Fine makes history at Leicester as the first winner for King Charles III after he inherited the late Queen's horses.
BBC political correspondent Ione Wells speaks to members behind the scenes at the Conservative party conference.
A men's community group are rebuilding their shed, after it was destroyed by arson.
Jim Redmond, who famously helped his injured son Derek cross the 400m finish line at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, has died aged 81.
The team will also monitor a colony of gentoo penguins on Goudier Island for five months.
This year's physics award recognises research into a strange phenomenon in sub-atomic particles.
Chiara Beer makes videos to help people who, like her, have to carry out tasks with one hand.
After 25 years of catching 'em all, the seller's haul of more than 20,000 items will now be sold.
The animal was given the nickname "Wile E." after the Warner Brothers character.
Children are dying in growing numbers amid the worst drought to hit Somalia in 40 years.
The BBC's Orla Guerin finds desolate scenes in Lyman, a town Ukraine recaptured from Russia.
Thousands of transport workers are striking in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions.
Amid warnings of violence, the first vote since the Capitol riot will be a huge test of US democracy.
Business leaders consider how the move towards more informal clothing attire at work affects them.
North Korea has been conducting regular missile tests as part of its weapons development programme.
Thousands have criticised the inclusion of filmmaker Sajid Khan, who was accused of sexual misconduct.
The singer's hits included Coal Miner's Daughter, Honky Tonk Girl and feminist anthem The Pill.
New Calais smuggling networks are making it even harder to stop rising numbers of Channel crossings.
Inquiry chair Baroness Hallett promises 'thorough and fair' review at first preliminary hearing.
Mum of Tony Hickmott, who has been held in a secure hospital since 2001, says: "He's coming home."
European countries have taken different approaches to higher energy bills.
Pakistan's worst floods in years have left millions homeless and lacking clean drinking water.
Antonio Conte wants his side to become more clinical after they failed to convert a number of opportunities in their goalless draw against Eintracht Frankfurt in the Champions League.
An expert calls for "immediate research" after a study suggests players could be at increased risk.
BBC broadcaster Alex Scott says the domestic abuse she experienced during her childhood is "still so raw".
BBC Sport names its inaugural Green Sport Award winners - including former racing driver Leilani Münter and ex-rugby player David Pocock.
BBC Sport profiles Chelsea and Australia forward Sam Kerr, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2022 award.
Chris Eubank Jr and Conor Benn prepare to face each other 30 years on from their fathers' iconic rivalry.
The average rate of a new two-year fixed rate mortgage is 6% as the UK's biggest lenders change prices.
The pound remained high despite confusion over when Kwasi Kwarteng would set out his debt-cutting plan.
The government has U-turned over scrapping the 45% rate of income tax, but other changes are going ahead.
The PM and chancellor held a series of crisis talks as it became clear the 45p tax cut policy was going to fail.
Tory MPs said the decision to offer the best paid a tax cut was unsellable, the BBC's political editor explains.
A strike ballot opens, with the Royal College of Nursing demanding a pay rise of 5% above inflation.
The PM will attend a new meet-up of European leaders, boosting hopes of a reset in UK-EU relations.
Families of some of those affected are giving evidence at a public inquiry into the treatment disaster.
Ukraine continues to take back territory from Russia but Moscow says it will regain it.
After winning his US Championship match, Hans Niemann said the game was "a message to everyone".
New guidance asks staff to share concerns with "trusted contacts", even without the student's consent.
More people identify as bisexual than gay or lesbian, says a study from the LGBT charity, Stonewall.
X-ray scans of a tiny reptile fossil reveal the pterodactyls' ancestors scampered around on two legs.
Surprising news stories about candidates are not uncommon in US politics before November elections.
Elizabeth McMonigle's brother and sister were killed during a brutal robbery in their Glasgow home.
The BBC talks to students whose schools have been set on fire in a spate of recent attacks.
A video appears to show teenagers shouting "get lost, Basiji", as protests spread to the classroom.
Jessica Lawson, 12, died after a pontoon capsized in a lake near Limoges in 2015.
The papers react to Liz Truss's Conservative conference speech as infighting in the party continues.
Bank customers in Lebanon cannot withdraw more than $400 a month, owing to the financial crisis.
The protests currently sweeping the country have their roots in changes made after the 1979 revolution.
How Ukraine's "indomitable" fashion designers are showcasing their work in the French capital.
Bizarre, inappropriate and occasionally spot on - what music tells us about political leaders.
Marine Colonel Nicole Mann tells the BBC she hopes her achievement will inspire future generations.
The BBC has analysed over 1,000 videos of unprecedented protests following Mahsa Amini's death in custody.
Rescue dog Pip went missing on a walk but managed to navigate the 4.6 miles home.
Two teenage sisters are trying to highlight a wider diversity of characters in children's books.
The owner of Leopard and Barcode has kept it wrapped in a blanket under a bed for a decade.
The footage shows a man stumbling across a Lincoln crossing moments before a train blasts through.
Growth is just one of many problems facing the Tory government, the BBC's political editor says.
As Vladimir Putin turns 70, we look back at a series of turning points that helped shape his worldview.
The ancient symbol of Scottish kings was taken from Westminster Abbey in an audacious raid.
Memories differ and rumours abound but the first women's Rugby World Cup can be certain of its game-changing legacy.
It is the first war where commercial space capabilities have played a significant role, a US general says.
Taiwanese fruit growers are unable to sell their crop after Beijing banned their importation.
Can India become the new manufacturing hub as global firms try to reduce their dependence on China?
Could the British Royal Family have its own "slimming down" in the footsteps of Denmark's queen?
Meet the people who are choosing alternative ways to heat their homes and keep their bills down.
The prime minister wants to be judged on boosting economic growth, but how easy will that be to deliver?
Universal boss Donna Langley is the first British woman to run a Hollywood studio.
The world's major oil exporters have agreed to cut production by two million barrels a day.
Steve Thompson opens up about the impact of early onset dementia on his life, including leading to suicidal thoughts.
Thousands of transport workers are striking in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions.
Erling Haaland continues his incredible scoring form with two more goals as Manchester City sweep Copenhagen aside in Champions League Group G.
Chelsea get their first win of this season's Champions League with an emphatic and fully deserved victory over AC Milan.
Celtic's hopes of progressing in the Champions League were dented after RB Leipzig eventually triumphed in a frantic and entertaining contest.
The British Boxing Board of Control says the bout is "not in the interests of boxing" after Conor Benn returns an adverse drug test before fighting Chris Eubank Jr.
BBC Sport profiles Arsenal and England winger Beth Mead, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2022 award.
LIV Golf signs a "strategic alliance" with the Middle East and Africa (Mena), Tour which it claims will allow its players to earn world ranking points.
England midfielder Jude Bellingham scores one and sets up another as Borussia Dortmund ease past Sevilla to tighten their grip on second place in Group G.
An ex-police officer killed at least 37 people at a childcare centre before killing himself and his family.
There was terror and confusion as sleeping children were attacked by the former policeman.
More than 100 licences are expected to be granted for new fossil fuel exploration in the North Sea.
Elton John, Prince Harry and other public figures take legal action against Associated Newspapers.
French president says he hopes for a "new phase" in relations after talks with UK prime minister.
Broadcaster Piers Morgan presses the MP on Question Time to make a "simple apology" to Britons.
Rob Lewis had been suspended after a BBC investigation revealed he had been posting racist content on WhatsApp.
Cuts would probably occur at peak times and customers would be warned in advance.
Twitter said it did not trust the billionaire's promises to proceed with the takeover.
The move brings Mr Biden closer to his campaign pledge to nationally decriminalise recreational cannabis.
Federal agents investigating the US president's son believe they have evidence of tax crimes.
Some of the enigmatic stone-carved statues "are totally charred" according to local authorities.
Conservationists say they expected this year's warm summer to be a much better one for butterflies.
Many front pages lead with the National Grid's warning that the UK could face blackouts this winter.
As part of a new series, we explore whether Norway has a solution for the US and its ageing leaders.
What’s life really like working in construction - the UK industry with the worst record on mental health?
A punitive law has led to the mass exodus of journalists from Russia.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Heat energy is being captured from people dancing to help a Glasgow venue reduce its carbon emissions.
Tom Stevenson, 21, says he had something to prove after getting disappointing A-Level results.
Nadia Hadhrami, 23, said women struggle to find modest clothing.
Alaskan bears stuffing themselves for the winter have gained a loving audience around the world.
While Russia's president annexes large areas of Ukraine, the truth on the ground looks very different.
Restrictions continue for millions of Chinese and this is putting political pressure on Xi Jinping.
Whether letting or living in their homes, mortgages are pushing up the cost for many people.
How did Chris Williamson go from the villa, to a US-based podcast with tens of millions of downloads?
Baptisms and body slams are all part of a day's work for one church which aims to help young people.
A 300-page dossier details atrocities by British soldiers against Palestinians during UK rule.
Three weeks before a crucial deadline, BBC News NI examines the options facing the NI secretary.
At a summit in Prague on Friday, 27 leaders will consider how to protect consumers from soaring bills.
Scotland are potentially 90 minutes away from the Women's World Cup after a gruelling extra-time play-off victory over Austria.
A fabulous volley in extra time from Jess Fishlock sees Wales overcome stubborn resistance from Bosnia-Herzegovina in the Welsh capital and reach the World Cup play-off final.
Marcus Rashford scores twice and assists another as Manchester United come from behind to beat Omonia Nicosia on Thursday.
Arsenal put in another impressive display to comfortably see off Bodo/Glimt in the Europa League.
The fight between Conor Benn and Chris Eubank Jr, due to take place in London on Saturday, is postponed following the former returning an "adverse analytical finding".
BBC Sport profiles Wolfsburg and Germany forward Alexandra Popp, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2022 award.
Salford's Kallum Watkins, Marc Sneyd and Andy Ackers aiming for World Cup glory after shock call-ups to the England squad.
Ukraine's president tells the BBC "they are not ready to do it... But they begin to communicate".
A quiet, charming, unassuming man - and arguably the most popular leader on Earth.
Emergency services remain at the scene in Creeslough after an explosion at a petrol station.
The SNP conference will hear much about the fallout from the UK government's tax cutting mini-budget.
Glasgow loses out as the UK prepares to stage the song contest next May on behalf of Ukraine.
A Ukrainian official said two sites were found near Lyman, with one estimated to hold 200 dead.
Iran's leaders are ordering the police and Revolutionary Guard to crack down on nationwide protests.
Passengers across Britain are being urged to avoid travelling unless absolutely necessary.
The trade minister also had the Tory whip removed after allegations of inappropriate behaviour.
Octopus energy expects customers to get £4 a day on average for cutting back consumption when demand is high.
The move comes after parents of the victims camped outside school offices in protest.
Mayor Eric Adams said the city is on track to spend $1bn this fiscal year to care for asylum seekers.
European champions England beat world champions the United States for the first time since 2017 in front of more than 76,000 fans at Wembley Stadium.
The firing of a cabinet minister and the ongoing energy crisis lead several of Saturday's papers.
After London and Paris, the French designer staged a fashion show at Gleneagles in Perthshire.
Racism fuelled Phil Magbotiwan's determination to open his own nightclub.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Gardener Kevin Fortey counts rappers Snoop Dogg and Souleye among his fans.
Crowds gather to watch the star as he performs his hit song The A Team.
Many of the enigmatic stone-carved statues are "totally charred" according to local authorities.
Better home insulation could save some households hundreds of pounds a year on their energy bills.
Unlike Elon Musk's latest creation, the most useful robots, experts say, do not look human - so far.
Thousands of transport workers are striking in an ongoing row over pay, jobs and conditions.
Worthing has voted Conservative for decades but an influx of urbanities has ruptured the status quo.
When your job is your way of life, the cost of living crisis bites doubly hard on livelihoods.
Screenwriters Neal Purvis and Robert Wade discuss what it takes to keep the James Bond franchise alive.
Now we know Liverpool will host Eurovision in 2023, questions are likely to move to funding the event.
Rab Thomson is among 700 people who may have been wrongly convicted in the Post Office scandal.
The UN has examined allegations of repression and human rights violations in both countries.
The jailed activist has spent decades fighting Aleksander Lukashenko's authoritarian rule in Belarus.
Dominic Young stars on debut as England thrash Fiji 50-0 in their final warm-up game before hosting the Rugby League World Cup.
Professionalism, respect and a very good maul are just three factors behind England's dominance - can anyone stop them?
Nigel Benn says his son Conor is "clean" despite a failed drug test leading to the postponement of his fight with Chris Eubank Jr.
Jess Fishlock's stunning extra-time volley secures a 1-0 win against Bosnia-Herzegovina and sends Wales into the World Cup play-off final.
Jack Nowell and Olly Woodburn score two tries apiece as Exeter thrash Bristol in their Premiership match at Ashton Gate.
England's Lauren Parker puts in a battling performance to beat Mexico's Edna Malto to claim the IBO intercontinental super-flyweight belt.
George Russell heads Lewis Hamilton to a Mercedes one-two on a wet Friday practice at the Japanese Grand Prix.
The explosion wrecked one section of Europe's longest bridge, reportedly killing three people.
Four men, three women, a teenage boy and girl, and a young child are among the dead, police confirm.
The trade minister, who has denied any wrongdoing, was sacked from the government on Friday.
Forest fires ignited by Russian shelling have devastated Ukraine's Drevlyansky reserve.
A live news broadcast in Iran was interrupted by messages targeting the country's supreme leader.
Energy bills have gone up, but there are some easy ways households can reduce costs.
Hundreds of kilograms of crystal methamphetamine were recovered from a small boat.
She was one of the Queen's favourite ponies and appeared at the monarch's funeral.
The national security law was introduced by Beijing in 2020 to clamp down on protesters.
Ian Blackford tells the SNP conference homes, pensions, and incomes are not safe under Westminster control.
Birds in Norfolk, Suffolk and parts of Essex cannot be outside from Wednesday, amid the UK's largest outbreak.
Italy's Filippo Ganna smashes cycling's hour world record, recording 56.792km.
The Power Of The Doctor episode will end her time on the sci-fi series after five years in the lead role.
Many of Sunday's front pages lead on reports of infighting in No 10 and the explosion on a key bridge in Crimea.
The BBC's Simon Reeve meets one of the last traditional miners in the world's largest salt flat.
Vikram Pendse loves bicycles so much that he has opened a museum for them in the Indian city of Pune.
Champion toe wrestler Alan "Nasty" Nash talks about his career before putting his feet up.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Lisa Williams, from Suffolk, becomes World Porridge Champion at the famous Carrbridge competition.
Three-year-old Emmy was found awake, curled up next to the bodies of her classmates.
The sight of the crippled bridge is a morale boost - but fear remains, writes the BBC's Paul Adams.
Power cuts are very unlikely in the coming months but not impossible so what would it mean for you?
The events allow millions to see on TV when flaws are exposed or progress revealed, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
The ultimate underground band of the 1990s are back, with a viral TikTok hit and "emotional" tour.
A Facebook post leads a music fan to surprise the man responsible for a much-loved Madchester photo.
Tobin was only unmasked after his final victim was found hidden under the floorboards of a church.
Erling Haaland is called "ridiculous" and "sublime" as he obliterates the record for fastest player to score 15 Premier League goals in Saturday's 4-0 win over Southampton.
Other players may have caught the eye since the Saudi-led takeover one year ago - but on Tyneside, they love to talk about Bruno.
Harry Kane scores his eighth goal of the season as Tottenham win at Brighton to strengthen their place in the top three of the Premier League.
Max Verstappen is "taking it day by day" in his quest for a second F1 title, and Sunday could well be the time he can stop counting, writes Andrew Benson.
England secure a series win over Uganda with 53-45 win in game two of the three-game series in London.
Ian Wright breaks down Newcastle's "brilliantly worked" set-piece trickery that sets up a goal for Bruno Guimaraes in a 5-1 win over Brentford.
Antonio Colak scores a double for the third league match running as Rangers beat St Mirren to stay within two points of Celtic.
Vladimir Putin accuses Ukraine of attacking the bridge to Crimea, saying it was an "act of terrorism".
Zaporizhzhia is controlled by Ukraine but is in a region illegally annexed by Russia.
The MP had backed Liz Truss's rival for PM but his appointment comes amid calls for party to unite.
A woman and her teenage son and a 14-year-old girl also died in the petrol station explosion.
State bodies accused of serious abuses in the Gulf nation have received £1.8m from the UK this year.
The 50p coins carry the late monarch's image as they were produced before she died last month.
Annalena Baerbock says Germany will ensure the European Union freezes assets and imposes entry bans.
At least 22 people have died and 52 are missing as torrential rain hits the Latin American country.
Nicola Sturgeon says she does not regret her words after being accused of "dangerous" rhetoric.
Bank closures and rising prices mean more people are turning to the Post Office for cash.
Elephants are used in the operation to hunt down the man-eater in Bihar state.
Officials think a wave from a nearby tug boat turned over the barge in a river in Gdansk.
The 18-year-old from Cambridgeshire is only the third percussionist to win the prestigious contest.
Many of Monday's front pages lead on Liz Truss's plans to unite Tory MPs and a missile strike in Ukraine.
Sophie Price, from Kidderminster, has to wear protective hats after being seriously hurt in a crash.
Nets used to be brought to shore and left in landfill or discarded in the ocean - putting seals at risk.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says Diwali is a reminder of "hope for a brighter tomorrow".
Dark comedy drama scoops three top awards at the 31st Bafta Cymru ceremony.
Actor Tommy Jessop and Panorama investigate the avoidable deaths of people with a learning disability.
Russia has blamed a truck bomb - but examination of the footage seems to contradict that.
People come together in support of one another at vigils to remember those lost in Friday's blast.
Does the SNP conference feel like a gathering one year away from an independence referendum?
After spending almost 40 years forgotten in a box, photos of "Newport's Rocky" go on display.
Forest fires ignited by Russian shelling have devastated Ukraine's Drevlyansky reserve.
Cristiano Ronaldo scores his 700th club goal as Manchester United come from behind to beat Everton at Goodison Park in the Premier League.
Arsenal, showing new guile and steel, make their most powerful statement so far in a win over Liverpool that proves their character.
Max Verstappen's second world title was just reward for a mature and controlled season, but came on a "weird" and "confusing" day for F1, writes Andrew Benson.
Michael van Gerwen holds off a spirited Nathan Aspinall 5-3 to win his sixth World Grand Prix title in Leicester.
England captain Jos Buttler explains why he decided not to appeal for obstructing the field against Matthew Wade.
BBC Sport profiles Barcelona and Spain midfielder Alexia Putellas, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2022 award.
Match of the Day 2 pundit Danny Murphy says that Arsenal have a world-beating attack with Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka but will not challenge Man City for the title.
Joe Biden says attacks on cities including central Kyiv show the "brutality" of Putin's "illegal war".
The intelligence agency's chief will also claim the UK is at a key moment with China in his speech.
The first ever reduction in care worker numbers means more people are struggling to find the support they need.
In the first Labour deselection in more than 10 years, Sam Tarry is beaten by Jas Athwal.
Violent and sexual crimes were among 60 cases wrongfully dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service.
The UK's highest court will consider whether Holyrood can set up a second Scottish independence referendum.
Lucy Letby is described as a "constant malevolent presence" at the opening of her murder trial.
Pyongyang made its claim as intelligence suggests it is preparing to hold a nuclear weapons test.
Medics working in some British hospitals face “slave-type” conditions, says a doctors’ group.
Public spending needs to fall by £60bn to balance the books if tax cuts go ahead, a think tank warns.
The public inquiry is taking further evidence as it investigates the wrongful convictions of postmasters.
Remains of more than 240 people, half of which are children, found at medieval priory in west Wales.
The National Audit Office will assess costs and benefits after an MP called it "a waste of money".
Tuesday's papers are led by the trial of nurse Lucy Letby, who denies murdering seven babies.
A Texas high school locked down after reports of a gunman. Parents refused to leave it to police.
The Prince and Princess of Wales turn radio reporters to host a special show about mental health.
Video shows huge plumes of smoke and lava pouring into the sea from Italy's Stromboli island, off Sicily.
An otter is captured raiding fish from a garden pond in the New Forest.
Users say the rides triggered the phones' crash detection system, US media reports.
The huge 900lb beast was reeled in off the Pembrokeshire coast by an angler fittingly named Batey.
The 12th Man group is trying to help men to talk about their feelings in everyday settings.
Kay Crewdson, who lost two babies to miscarriage, says she will "talk about them as long as I live".
The men, who all lost daughters to suicide, walked 600 miles and visited all the UK's parliaments.
Radio presenter Summaya Mughal says cultural barriers stopped her learning to swim as a child.
HMS Queen Elizabeth was in New York when a demonstration of jet pack technology took place.
Dogs and their owners from across the country took part in the annual event in Cheltenham.
Our political editor considers the challenges ahead for the Scottish National Party after its conference.
Concerned for her welfare, Ashley Wadsworth was poised to fly home to Canada when she was murdered.
What are the arguments set to be made about a Scottish independence referendum?
Cheap electric cars are selling fast but the end of subsidies could end the sales boom.
A Maharashtra village switches off TV and internet for a few hours daily - and the results are worth it.
A new generation of orchards born during lockdown is keeping old traditions alive.
Actor Tommy Jessop and Panorama investigate the avoidable deaths of people with a learning disability.
As MPs return to Westminster, the prime minister signals that she's in listening mode, says the BBC's Chris Mason.
What did the event in Aberdeen tell us about Nicola Sturgeon's plans for Scotland and independence?
Predictions for how the UK economy will perform will be published earlier than expected.
Over-50s can get another Covid booster, as can younger people who are at higher risk, and NHS staff.
The former BBC Radio 5 Live and Blue Peter presenter was diagnosed at the age of 42.
Nicola Sturgeon wants to hold a second referendum next year, so is another vote now inevitable?
Facing danger at home, a record number of Indian migrants have crossed from Mexico into the US.
More people than ever say they are "Taiwanese" and not "Chinese" - and Beijing is not happy about it.
Russian mercenaries look set to profit from the new junta that has seized power in Burkina Faso.
Steven Gerrard says he needs his Aston Villa players to become "headline writers" to improve their form after drawing at Nottingham Forest.
Red Bull are found guilty of breaking Formula 1's budget cap by the sport's governing body, the FIA.
Two-time major winner Dustin Johnson receives $18m (£16.2m) after the American is announced as the winner of the inaugural LIV Golf championship.
Liverpool forward Luis Diaz is likely to be out until December with the knee injury he sustained in the 3-2 defeat by Arsenal on Sunday.
Who is playing out of their skin and who redeemed himself in a classic? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
BBC Sport profiles Lyon and France defender Wendie Renard, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2022 award.
Banned British sprinter CJ Ujah says a "convenient" £10 supplement bought from Amazon caused him to test positive for two prohibited substances at the Tokyo Olympics.
At least 11 people are killed in attacks across Ukraine, but troops on the front line are confident of victory.
Hugo Bachega delivers a news report as several explosions happen in the centre of Kyiv.
Russia launches revenge attacks across several Ukrainian regions, including capital city Kyiv.
Russia's latest attacks have left shell-shocked residents and fiery debris, says Paul Adams in Kyiv.
Russia launches missiles at cities across Ukraine days after a blast damaged a key bridge linking Russia and Crimea.
A pedestrian on Kyiv's Klitschko bridge has a narrow escape when a Russian missile hits the walkway.
A look at Russia's nuclear arsenal and basic guide to nuclear weapons and their destructive power.
The BBC's defence correspondent meets the people of a retaken town - and the soldiers who freed it.
The Bank of England says bond-buying help will end on Friday, despite pleas from investors to extend it.
Angela Lansbury, star of the US TV crime series Murder, She Wrote, has died at the age of 96.
The coronation in Westminster Abbey will be on a Saturday, Buckingham Palace reveals.
Lucy Letby told the mother of a distressed baby "trust me I'm a nurse", her murder trial hears.
Some Tories oppose the government lifting the ban on fracking in England and want a vote on the issue.
Current support for women going through the change of life is completely inadequate, a report for MPs says.
Sir Jeremy Fleming says the country's leadership is aiming to manipulate technology to gain influence.
The new world-first NHS service should lead to earlier diagnosis and treatment for thousands.
The group also warned that any attack on Western infrastructure would face a "determined response".
The extraordinary moment a manic scrum of male bees envelops a single female to try to mate with her.
Rights activists say security forces are firing indiscriminately at protesters and homes in Sanandaj.
Graham Bonham-Carter is accused of helping oligarch Oleg Deripaska to evade US-imposed sanctions.
Wednesday's newspapers lead on government plans to put a cap on the profits of energy companies.
Women around the world are protesting against the Iranian government by cutting their hair.
Facebook-owner Meta has revealed a new VR headset as part of its continued metaverse push.
Poppy is trained to smell blood sugar levels and alerted a boy's parents to his plight.
Humanoid robot artist Ai-Da needs a reset after being quizzed by a Lords committee about how she creates art.
The Prince and Princess of Wales take over Radio 1's Live Lounge to host a mental health special.
Love Island winner Ekin-Su and former EastEnders star Patsy Palmer are among this year's contestants.
The storm travelled through Central America, causing thousands to evacuate their homes.
New housing, bars and shops inside the Grade-II listed iconic London building open on Friday.
The teenaged boy was shot multiple times while eating a burger with a friend in San Antonio, Texas.
It is part of Perth and Kinross Council's ambition to create a permanent light art trail in the city.
Tuesday's papers are led by the trial of nurse Lucy Letby, who denies murdering seven babies.
Award winning British actress whose long career included the role of Jessica Fletcher in Murder she Wrote
As Parliament returns, what are some of the debates and votes by which MPs could derail the government?
The government is facing calls to extend free school meals to more children in England.
Speaking to the BBC, a UK spy chief says Russia is "desperate" but still capable of causing damage.
Cathy's mum Maureen suffered multiple falls after a care-worker shortage left her to struggle on her own.
The attack that began at a childcare centre is the worst mass killing in Thailand's history.
The deaths of 10 villagers in Friday's petrol station explosion in Donegal have taken their toll.
One firm tells BBC Scotland it was being inundated with people crying, unable to find somewhere to live.
Poverty and poor prospects had left many Iranians angry with their rulers even before Mahsa Amini's death.
What are the arguments set to be made about a Scottish independence referendum?
A Maharashtra village switches off TV and internet for a few hours daily - and the results are worth it.
The Football Association banned 380 grassroots players and coaches for attacks on match officials last season.
Chelsea enjoy a comfortable Champions League victory at AC Milan after an early red card for Fikayo Tomori at the San Siro.
Ten-man Manchester City miss a penalty and have a goal ruled out in a VAR-dominated goalless draw at Copenhagen but still reach the Champions League last 16.
Celtic's hopes of Champions League progress are over after their profligacy is punished in a frustrating home defeat by RB Leipzig.
Scotland miss out on a place at the Women's World Cup as the Republic of Ireland crush their hopes at Hampden to reach the country's first ever finals.
Wales' hopes of reaching a first major tournament come to an agonising end as Switzerland fight back to win a dramatic World Cup play-off final in the dying seconds of extra time.
Vote now for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2022, with the winner announced on 9 November.
Ora Washington was a dominant champion across two sports in an age where prejudice and ignorance denied her proper recognition.
The Bank has stepped in to try and calm financial markets after fears about government borrowing.
Shoppers could pay an extra £643 a year for food and other groceries, research firm Kantar says.
Nearly 2.5 million are not looking for jobs because of long-term sickness, adding to labour shortages.
Interest rates are at their highest level for 14 years. Here is what it means for you.
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at nearly its highest rate in 40 years.
People stock up on energy-efficient appliances as household bills rise but overall retail sales fell.
How does a government borrow money, and when does it have to pay it back?
The warnings came ahead of a bruising appearance for Liz Truss at a meeting of Tory backbenchers.
As the PM attends her first weekly audience with the King, the markets and country wonder what's next.
Advanced air defence weaponry will be delivered in the wake of devastating Russian missile strikes.
The conspiracy theorist is ordered to pay damages after branding the Sandy Hook school shooting a hoax.
Surgeons left frustrated as hospitals struggle to return routine services to full strength.
Channel 4's two-part series about the libel trial will be broadcast later this year.
Conservative parliamentarians join an organisation campaigning to return the sculptures to Greece.
A rucksack and other items are also discovered as police investigate the murder of Leah Croucher.
The Russian president says the "ball is in the EU's court", but Germany quickly rejects the offer.
However the ex-Wales captain claims he was assaulted at an under-12s game.
A mix of factors are at play and greater awareness is needed, the researchers say.
Essex Police say there was no threat on board the Jet2 flight after RAF planes escorted it to Stansted.
About 12 million more people will be able to book their winter vaccinations from Friday.
Thursday's headlines are dominated by pressure on the prime minister to re-write her mini-budget.
Women around the world are protesting against the Iranian government by cutting their hair.
Graham Burton set up a Facebook group which has reunited thousands of missing pets and their owners.
Hip hop artist Krept talks about mixing music and entrepreneurship.
Microsoft hits back at claims its proposed purchase of Activision Blizzard could harm its rival Sony.
A competitor named 747 - like the jumbo jet - is named as one of the fattest bears in the world.
The 3.5-litre V5 Bentley failed its MOT in 1968 and has languished in a farmer's shed ever since.
It's elk rutting season out West, but how is their nails-on-chalkboard call attractive to females?
General Sergei Surovikin forged a brutal reputation in Syria, and is nicknamed General Armageddon.
Children are among those pleading for hours for digital gifts, as the company takes a cut of up to 70%.
Leah Croucher went missing in February 2019 and mystery surrounds her disappearance.
Judges heard two days of legal arguments about whether Holyrood has the power to set up a referendum.
Fawaz tells the BBC he accepts his life is at risk whenever he protests on the streets of Tehran.
People renting dangerous homes are often being let down by councils, a BBC investigation finds.
The Communist Party is expected to hand Xi Jinping another five years in power - here's how it works.
Americans will be reshaping Congress but the impact of this vote will be far-reaching. Here's why.
An appearance on talk show The Shop is pulled, days after he posted anti-Semitic messages on Twitter.
Evanston, Illinois is in the middle of an unusual experiment to redress racial injustice.
The women, who were targeted by former presenter Alex Belfield, are calling for an independent review.
Anne and Gina never knew where their babies were buried, until a BBC News report helped to find them.
As temperatures rise and sea-ice melts, lifestyles are changing as fast as the climate in Greenland.
Mohamed Salah comes off the bench to score an incredible six-minute hat-trick as Liverpool obliterate Rangers in the Champions League.
Son Heung-min scores twice as Tottenham impress in victory over Frankfurt who went down to 10 men in their Champions League group game.
Great Britain win three bronze medals on the opening day of the Track Cycling World Championships in France.
Red Roses captain Sarah Hunter will become the joint most-capped England player when she starts against France in Saturday's World Cup match.
Jess Roberts wins Great Britain's first medal of the 2022 Track Cycling World Championships with bronze in the women's scratch race - dedicating it to her grandfather who died at the weekend.
In his first BBC Sport column, England's George Williams looks ahead to the Rugby League World Cup, which starts on Saturday.
Why despite a couple of indifferent batting performances, Ben Stokes always makes a difference for England.
The recent turmoil sparked by the mini-budget led to fears about the stability of pension funds.
The BBC's Kevin Peachey answers your questions and concerns on pensions and mortgages.
The Bank has stepped in to try and calm financial markets after fears about government borrowing.
The UK economy unexpectedly shrank in August, boosting predictions it will fall into a recession.
The cost of government borrowing over 10 years briefly hit its highest level since 2008.
The surprise 0.3% drop strengthens predictions that the UK will fall into recession this year.
Government borrowing costs are almost as high as when the Bank first stepped in to calm market turmoil.
New PM Liz Truss has ruled out using a further windfall tax to fund energy price measures.
As pressure mounts, Kwasi Kwarteng cancels meetings in the US to head home for discussions on the mini-budget.
"A government that's barely begun is confronting questions about its end," our political editor writes.
Families tell the BBC they believed until the last minute their children's killer would be executed.
For many refugees, the six months British hosts agreed to house them for is up. So what happens now?
Parts of the country have received several times their average October rainfall in just 24 hours.
The National Television Awards 2022 also celebrates wins for Ant and Dec (again) and This Morning.
Civilians in Russian-occupied Kherson are urged to "save themselves" from Ukrainian rockets.
The surprise move came as the committee aired never-before-seen footage from the storming of Congress.
The chart includes James Blunt, The Killers, Meat Loaf and Leona Lewis - but who's at number one?
The Beatle had previously cancelled dates after catching the virus, before returning to the road.
Her parents gave details in an emotional encounter with the press, during a state visit to Sweden.
Magdalene College Cambridge's "exquisitely detailed" new library wins the Riba Stirling Prize.
The family of the 19-year-old say police failed to properly investigate her claim of being attacked.
Friday's headlines are dominated by mounting talk of a full U-turn on the recent mini-budget.
Stars gathered in London on Thursday for the NTAs, a month later than planned.
The activist travelled to the country for the second time, since she was shot by the Taliban in 2012.
Burak Erbay was protesting against a proposed government-backed bill aimed to combat 'disinformation'.
The minimum wage has gone up by less for those under 20 than for older workers since 2016.
Jamaica's broadcasting commission is banning content that encourages "illegal activity".
Officials say the 1,600-year-old panel depicting classical myths is the most complete of its kind.
A special tank was used to train nine fish to find if they can measure distance.
A new BBC Two film, Rob Burrow: Living With MND, gives a powerful insight into the life of the former rugby league international, who was diagnosed with Motor Neurone Disease in 2019.
Snapchat releases a "lens" that teaches people how to use chest compressions for cardiac arrest.
A quadruple amputee says a rare double hand transplant will be "such an amazing gift".
Lowri, 13, is campaigning for an option to add a pair of glasses on emojis.
A Florida jury's decision left relatives angry and upset - but was a result of the state's death penalty law.
A Ukrainian fighter besieged at Mariupol tells the BBC he was held in solitary confinement by Russia.
The Infowars host faces huge damages - but will it make a difference to online lies?
The Met is investigating more than 600 domestic and sexual abuse claims against its staff, BBC told.
Imtiaz Fazil, who had 17 miscarriages and saw five children die, says she wants more discussion about loss.
Bing Crosby, Margot Fonteyn and James Stewart are among the interviews to be found and restored.
Bollywood actor Aamir Khan's recent ad for a bank has sparked outrage among Hindu right-wingers.
As the war in Ethiopia's Tigray region intensifies, the BBC gets an exclusive report from its main city.
Smugglers in migrant camps are now demanding nearly £3,000 per person to cross the Channel.
Finns learn in school how to spot media disinformation - is that an approach the US could adopt?
Robert Tsao, 75, has pledged a billion Taiwan dollars to train citizens to resist a Chinese invasion.
Manchester United leave it late as Scott McTominay scores a stoppage-time winner over Omonia Nicosia in the Europa League.
West Ham guarantee a place in the Europa Conference League knockout stage with a win over Anderlecht in Group B.
Former England wing Ugo Monye expresses concern about the potential knock-on effect of Wasps and Worcester's financial difficulties.
Arsenal take a big step towards qualifying for the Europa League knockout stage with a slender win at Bodo/Glimt.
Hearts are thrashed by a rampant Fiorentina to leave their Europa Conference League progression hopes hanging in the balance.
Winger Dominic Young is preferred to England's leading try-scorer Ryan Hall for Saturday's game against Samoa in Newcastle.
Great Britain beat Olympic champions Italy to win men's team pursuit gold in a thrilling final at the 2022 Track Cycling World Championships in Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines, France.
Providers are leapfrogging each other on top savings rates as they try to raise money to lend.
Kwasi Kwarteng admits there was 'some turbulence' in the economy after last month's mini-budget.
The government has defended its mini-budget following market turmoil and a higher cost of borrowing.
The UK economy unexpectedly shrank in August, boosting predictions it will fall into a recession.
As well as tax cuts, ministers are promising a series of changes in policy to boost economic growth.
The Bank has stepped in to try to calm financial markets after fears about government borrowing.
The BBC's Kevin Peachey answers your questions and concerns on pensions and mortgages.
Many MPs are unhappy with the prime minister after she fired her chancellor and announced a second U-turn.
Actor Robbie Coltrane, who played Hagrid in the Harry Potter films, dies aged 72.
Footage appearing to show police assaulting a woman in broad daylight sparks anger on social media.
BBC journalists are verifying videos that are crucial to establishing what is happening on the ground.
The tycoon asked the US to fund the satellite internet service instead of him, according to reports.
Eels are tracked to the Sargasso Sea on an epic migration, helping in their conservation.
A Friday bank holiday for King Charles's coronation would clash with vote counting in England.
Emergency workers are desperately searching for those still trapped hundreds of metres below ground.
The successor to Sir David Amess says Southend should seek City of Culture status in his honour.
The Sunflowers painting is on display again after climate activists threw tins of tomato soup on it.
Five are dead and two are injured in a shooting spree that spanned over two miles on Thursday night.
Two unions will ballot their members to vote on industrial action over pay in Great Britain.
The murder of the investigative journalist, Daphne Caruana Galizia, sparked widespread anger.
He showed no remorse in court as he learned his fate for tormenting the girl whose ordeal shocked Canada.
The day started with one Chancellor and ended with another, with a lot of turbulence in between.
BBC political editor Chris Mason considers how things could play out for Liz Truss after Friday's dramatic events.
The ex-health secretary - who backed Rishi Sunak in the leadership race - takes over at a crucial time.
The prime minister says she is 'determined to see through what I promised' after sacking her chancellor.
After just 38 days the former chancellor is out of a job - Nick Eardley looks at what went so wrong.
The MP is sacked as chancellor just weeks after his mini-budget plans led to economic turmoil.
Saturday's headlines focus on the prime minister's bid to stay in office after sacking her chancellor.
A shelter for displaced people that comes in a flat-pack and takes a few hours to assemble.
Since she was a child, Renata has longed to see the wreck of the famous ocean liner which sank in 1912.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Looking back at Scottish national treasure Robbie Coltrane whose career took him to the heights of Hollywood.
The Gwent force is rolling out four of the three-wheelers to be used in Newport and Abergavenny.
Half of the UK’s oldest weather stations set new records in the July heatwave.
The film about journalists investigating Harvey Weinstein is called "astute" but also "slow-paced".
After a week dominated by stories about the abuse of referees in grassroots football, BBC Sport speaks to officials determined to carry on doing what they love.
The larger-than-life actor excelled in comic and tougher roles, but also battled drink problems.
In the city of Bakhmut in the east, Russia continues to seize ground as it loses it elsewhere.
Risks to global financial stability are verging on crisis levels, the IMF has warned.
The faces of some of the men, women and children killed in protests sweeping across Iran.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK.
What are your tips for holding off using household heating as autumn temperatures fall?
Fatima missed her last year of school - now the Taliban are stopping her studying what she wants at university.
The mini-budget included changes to tax, stamp duty and rules for those claiming benefits.
The chancellor has been sacked after turmoil on the financial markets.
The show's unlikely stars open up on how their lives changed after appearing in Welcome to Wrexham
It can be difficult to keep track of the ex-president's legal battles - here's what you need to know.
Many are trying to track down a person who staged a rare demonstration criticising Xi Jinping.
A Florida jury's decision left relatives angry and upset - but was a result of the state's death penalty law.
For many refugees, the six months British hosts agreed to house them for is up. So what happens now?
Joy and Norman Cummings, from Linlithgow lost their daughter in 1971 with virtually no support.
High petrol prices are driving carers from the sector, leaving people who rely on them without support.
People in north Wales and Mersey pay the highest rate for their electricity, new figures reveal.
Some security experts say Russia's supplies are stretched, especially of modern missiles.
With the World Cup looming, can England afford not to bring Ivan Toney after he made it 20 penalties scored out of 20 for Brentford?
Phil Foden signs a new contract with Manchester City, keeping the England midfielder at the club until 2027.
Can Briton Savannah Marshall defeat American multiple-weight world champion Claressa Shields? We have some predictions from the boxing world.
An England World Cup triumph on home soil would be "massive" and the success could "inspire generations of rugby players", says captain Sam Tomkins.
Brentford boss Thomas Frank says Ivan Toney should be selected for England's World Cup squad after he scored twice in their 2-0 win against Brighton.
On Saturday, England face France in one of the most challenging Rugby World Cup pool games there is.
Jeremy Hunt warns of difficult decisions ahead, as he signals major changes to Liz Truss's economic plans.
It's unclear if the fire is linked to recent protests, but many protesters are being held at Evin prison.
Protesters could be blocked from targeting key infrastructure under the home secretary's new plans.
Two attackers opened fire on recruits who had volunteered to fight in Ukraine, local media report.
Camilla, the Queen Consort, is pictured with toy bears as hundreds are donated to a children's charity.
The talk show host faces severe financial and legal problems, but shows no signs of changing.
Delegates in Beijing are expected to hand him a historic third term as party leader.
Andrew Bailey also describes his conversations with Chancellor Jeremy Hunt as a "meeting of minds".
BioNTech's mRNA cancer trials started long before the pandemic, and have shown some early encouraging signals.
The tycoon reverses his earlier decision to stop funding a vital internet service for Ukraine.
The actor's friends and Harry Potter co-stars pay tribute to his kindness, warmth and sense of humour.
The council leader says the fire is in a former local authority building now in the hands of developers.
Harry Kane marks his 400th Tottenham appearance with a goal as Antonio Conte's side beat Everton at home.
The new chancellor's plan to delay Liz Truss's income tax cut dominates Sunday's papers.
This young man calls the Ukraine invasion a 'war against our own people'.
It may taste good, but the the name Welsh sparkling wine doesn't flow from the tongue at it could.
Vet Carlos Valderrama describes castrating Pablo Escobar's hippo in the wild.
Tennants Auctioneers in Leyburn say Lowry spent time on the North East coast after his mother died.
At least one person is killed as heavy rains hit the Greek island.
The pre-tournament show is halted just minutes before the opening game between England and Samoa.
A British businessman believes it could suck a billion tonnes of carbon out of the atmosphere annually.
Teen deaths from fentanyl overdose rose 20% last year - who is to blame and what can be done?
Despite civilian and military bloodshed, Ukraine's online information war keeps a sense of humour.
An exhibition in the UK chronicles the life of Maharajah Duleep Singh, the last Sikh king from India.
Stefan cares for his wife who has Alzheimer's, but says he and other male carers need to talk more.
The US holds midterm elections on 8 November, but who's in the running and what could the results mean?
Claressa Shields becomes undisputed middleweight champion by beating long-time rival Savannah Marshall via unanimous decision in London.
England and Chelsea defender Reece James looks set to miss the World Cup in Qatar with a knee injury.
Arsenal and Manchester City have dominated the headlines so far, but are Tottenham emerging from the shadows under Antonio Conte?
BBC pundits heap praise on England after their stunning 60-6 victory over Samoa in their opening World Cup match.
England's closely fought victory against France is a reality check for fans who expected them to win the World Cup easily.
Watch highlights as England cruise to a 60-6 victory over Samoa in the opening game of the Rugby League World Cup at St James's Park.
With England boss Gareth Southgate watching Leicester's goalless draw with Crystal Palace, has James Maddison failed his World Cup audition?
The new chancellor has junked the prime minister's economic strategy in 24 hours, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Commissioner Sir Mark Rowley says he's appalled by the findings, and many officers should be sacked.
The chancellor calls for unity, as three MPs break cover to call for the prime minister to resign.
It's possible the appointment of Mr Hunt will buy the PM some time. But will it be enough?
Andrew Harding reports on one family’s agonising loss in Somalia amid growing fears of a famine.
Campaigners urge the government to pay for a drug they say will help protect vulnerable people this winter.
A BBC investigation has found multiple allegations of sexual harassment and bullying at the international broadcaster.
John Allan told the BBC he feels a "moral responsibility" to help those affected by rates going up.
The coal mine explosion in northern Turkey on Friday night left 41 dead and 28 others injured.
Emergency services were called to an outbuilding in Denny on Sunday afternoon.
Nigeria is used to seasonal flooding, but this year has been significantly worse than usual.
Cities in Tigray are reportedly being carpet bombed as food and medical supplies are running out.
The men were found alive on the Greek-Turkish border, but exactly what happened is not clear.
A review finds hundreds of Met Police officers are getting away with breaking the law and misconduct.
Two mothers speak of their experiences of miscarriage and how it often feels like a taboo subject.
More than 200 people gathered at the Rio Grand River on the Mexico-US border to reunite with their family members.
As China's Communist Party Congress kicks off in Beijing, people tell the BBC what they want from the event.
In some videos people could be heard outside the prison chanting "death to the dictator".
It may taste good, but the the name Welsh sparkling wine doesn't flow from the tongue as it could.
The speed and scale of his power grab over a decade in power took many by surprise.
Ben Bril was a serial Dutch Jewish boxing champion who was sent to the Nazi's concentration camps by a former Olympic team-mate.
Solar panels are now being fitted to headphones and items of clothing.
As the Scottish government sets out its latest prospectus, Douglas Fraser picks out key areas to watch.
The acclaimed violinist is upbeat as she takes over as director of the Edinburgh International Festival
There was no acknowledgement of the social and economic pain being caused by his flagship policy.
The talk show host faces severe financial and legal problems, but shows no signs of changing.
Yet again a visit to Anfield proved to be tricky for Manchester City, despite their superb start to the Premier League season, writes Phil McNulty.
Clinical Real Madrid beat Barcelona in the 250th El Clasico to go top of La Liga and inflict their rivals' first league defeat of the season.
Which player's form makes him 'a must' for the World Cup in Qatar? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
Match of the Day 2's Mark Chapman, Danny Murphy and Martin Keown discuss Liverpool's 1-0 victory over Manchester City in the Premier League.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says he had coins thrown at him during his side's 1-0 defeat at Liverpool.
Aston Villa boss Steven Gerrard says he "won't hide from the noise" as his side were booed off after defeat, but an encouraging display, against Chelsea.
Bill Sweeney, RFU chief executive, says clubs have been "living beyond their means" and vows to "sort out" the "broken" English game.
The US president criticised Prime Minister Liz Truss's original plan to cut taxes for the wealthy.
The PM apologises for mistakes, after her chancellor tears up almost all of her tax-cutting agenda.
Few Tory MPs think she should lead them into an election but they are trying to work out their next move.
Providers are failing to promote the cheapest tariffs available for pensioners and people on benefits.
Up to 30 former UK military pilots are thought to have gone to train members of China's Army.
The teenage activist says the world of politics is toxic and she never intended being the face of a global movement.
The plane went down in a residential area in the southern Russian town of Yeysk, killing four.
New chancellor Jeremy Hunt said "almost all" of the tax cuts announced by his predecessor will go.
Russia's disruption of energy supplies scuppers Germany's plan to exit nuclear power this year.
The actor is on trial in New York over an allegation he touched a 14-year-old boy at a party in 1986.
The RMT union is asking members if they will support further train strikes to Spring 2023.
Prices for the world-famous festival have risen by £70, organisers have confirmed.
Real Madrid and France forward Karim Benzema wins the Ballon d'Or - awarded to the best footballer of the year - for the first time.
The prestigious book prize is won by Shehan Karunatilaka, for his novel The Seven Moons of Maali.
The new chancellor has outlined a host of policy changes. This is how is affects your finances.
Almost all tax measures announced in the mini-budget will be reversed.
As Liz Truss's political future hangs in the balance, Tory MPs are plotting ways to oust her.
The energy price guarantee means the annual energy bill for a typical household has risen to £2,500.
The UK's political chaos has been watched around the world - and commentators haven't held back.
As more radical policy ideas were blitzed by the new chancellor, PM Liz Truss kept a low profile.
The chancellor confirms in an emergency statement that plans to cut corporation tax won't go ahead.
The BBC's Dharshini David says she hasn't seen anything like this in 20 years of covering the economy.
The chancellor unwinds almost all of Liz Truss's key measures outlined in last month's mini-budget.
It's possible the appointment of new Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will buy some time. But will it be enough?
The move is designed to help reassure jittery markets before they open in London this morning.
The BBC's Lora Jones tells you four things you can do, if your landlord asks for more money.
The family of Leonid Yevseyev, a Ukrainian prisoner of war, still hope for his safe return.
Every woman will experience menopause, but how much do we really know about it?
Iran's state-run media puts forward a very different narrative of the protests from what is being shared on social media.
Clashes break out after unidentified men attack placards at a Hong Kong pro-democracy protest.
The climate change Just Stop Oil says it is part of its ongoing protest over new gas licences.
The man was pulled into the Chinese consulate grounds in Manchester and beaten up.
A review finds hundreds of Met Police officers are getting away with breaking the law and misconduct.
The chancellor's new economic plan and the future of the PM leads most of the papers.
Liz Truss is under increasing pressure from her own MPs, following the mini-budget.
People are protesting around the world against food and petrol price rises, BBC research finds.
Emiliano Sala's plane crash death shocked the football world. We've since learned the extent to which that world shaped his path.
Beneath where Eurostar trains once whisked people from London to Paris, empty shops now stand.
It is an industry that has been dominated by China for years, but now the rest of the world wants in.
Russia is using Iranian-made drones to fly explosives directly into targets in Kyiv and other Ukrainian cities
The BBC finds multiple allegations of sexual harassment and bullying at the broadcaster.
Nicola Sturgeon has set out her proposals for currency, borders and debt in an independent Scotland.
The case is highlighted in a review revealing misogyny, racism and sexual misconduct in the force.
As the Scottish government sets out its latest prospectus, Douglas Fraser picks out key areas to watch.
Two people explain the worries the row over benefit rises is having on their lives.
Ben Bril was a serial Dutch Jewish boxing champion who was sent to the Nazi concentration camps by a former Olympic team-mate.
The acclaimed violinist is upbeat as she takes over as director of the Edinburgh International Festival
Teen deaths from fentanyl overdose rose 20% last year - who is to blame and what can be done?
Barcelona captain Alexia Putellas has retained the Women's Ballon d'Or, awarded to the best female footballer of 2022.
McLaren boss Zak Brown writes a letter to F1's governing body saying Red Bull breaking the budget cap "constitutes cheating".
Wasps make 167 redundancies - including their entire playing staff - as they follow Worcester Warriors into administration.
Watch the moment Siteni Taukamo scores Greece's first try in their first World Cup match against France at the Eco-Power Stadium, Doncaster.
Stunning two-time T20 world champions West Indies is one of the greatest moments in Scottish cricket - but the team's task has only just begun.
A leading referees' charity calls for an inquiry into the touchline behaviour of managers after ugly scenes at Premier League matches.
France secure a 34-12 victory as Greece make their Rugby League World Cup debut in Doncaster on Monday.
Sir Lenny Henry reflects on the extraordinary life of the writer, BBC producer and presenter Una Marson.
The BBC's media editor on how the BBC has to prove its worth, as it reaches its 100th birthday.
From Doctor Who to Desert Island Discs, here are some nuggets of trivia from 100 years of BBC programming.
The latest price rise figures for September are due as a survey for the BBC suggests concern is rising.
The PM tells backbenchers she had to change course, as she tries to shore up support in the party.
In a rare admission of problems for Russia, its infamous army chief in Ukraine says residents should leave.
Health bosses in England are worried about the threat of flu, Covid and other respiratory illnesses.
Her fourth album wins the prestigious award for best British or Irish record of the past 12 months.
Grief and outrage over the killing of 12-year-old Lola turns to debate over the suspect's migrant status.
There will be fresh Network Rail strikes on 3, 5 and 7 November as part of a dispute over pay
Getting less than this may increase the risk of a multitude of chronic conditions, say researchers.
The opposition wants to use a vote in Parliament to thwart Prime Minister Liz Truss's fracking plans.
Florida has recorded a record number of cases of the lethal bacteria that lurks in salty floodwaters.
Igor Danchenko worked on a 2016 dossier that made unsubstantiated claims about Donald Trump.
The company added over 2.4 million subscribers, reversing losses earlier in the year.
BBC correspondents share some things that could help you cope with rising prices.
As part of its Counting the Cost of Living series, BBC News talks to Andrea, who runs a soup kitchen.
This budget-friendly meal plan covers a week's worth of dinners for four adults, coming in at under £28 in total.
The price of the things we spend our money on is rising at nearly its highest rate in 40 years.
The BBC's economics editor Faisal Islam answers your questions on inflation.
Along with the Jeremy Vine show, we want to know, are you are setting up a warm bank?
Derek Richford's determination led to an inquiry into maternity care at East Kent hospitals.
The chancellor's search for spending cuts across government departments leads most of the papers.
Bolivia has one of the highest proportions of women politicians in the world. Can the US learn from them?
Horrific accounts from a brutal war in Ethiopia that has left tens of thousands dead.
Wilfried Zaha's well-taken winner caps a classy comeback as Crystal Palace record back-to-back home victories by beating Wolves.
Brighton's winless run under new boss Roberto de Zerbi continues with a frustrating Premier League draw against strugglers Nottingham Forest.
British Gymnastics vows to put athlete welfare ahead of winning medals as it issues a 40-point action plan in response to "systemic" issues of abuse in the sport.
Finn Russell is expected to be omitted from Scotland's initial squad for the upcoming Autumn Nations Series.
Tonga score a dramatic late try to open their Rugby League World Cup campaign with an entertaining 24-18 win over Papua New Guinea in St Helens.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has been charged by the Football Association following his sending-off during his side's 1-0 win against Manchester City.
United Arb Emirates' Junaid Siddique hits a 109-metre six out of the ground at the Kardinia Park in Geelong, Australia during their 79-run defeat to Sri Lanka at the T20 World Cup.
Eight steps to understand why the financial turmoil matters to mortgage payers and everyone else.
The government's energy price guarantee is being scaled back from two years to six months.
New chancellor Jeremy Hunt said "almost all" of the tax cuts announced by his predecessor will go.
As more radical policy ideas were blitzed by the new chancellor, PM Liz Truss kept a low profile.
During the BBC's 100 years of broadcasting, not everything went as planned.
The BBC's media editor on how the BBC has to prove its worth, as it reaches its 100th birthday.
The resignation of a senior minister and anger over a vote on fracking pile even more pressure on the prime minister.
One senior Tory MP said Liz Truss' actions have been "unforgivable," "terrible" and "appalling".
One Tory MPs describes "a shambles" in Parliament, as angry scenes put Liz Truss under pressure.
The veteran politician spoke candidly with the BBC about his frustrations with the government.
Inflation returned to a 40-year high in September as a BBC survey suggests people are cutting spending.
A cross-party group says patients are receiving an unacceptably poor service amid a shortage of GPs.
Ukraine's grid operator warns of many power cuts after Russian missiles damaged energy facilities.
The Noughts and Crosses author says schools should teach "whole-truth" black history all year round.
Pressure builds on the government as a campaign to expand eligibility for free school meals grows.
Liam Hampson's family say they are "heartbroken" after he suffered an accident in Barcelona.
Mutations that saved lives from the plague are causing auto-immune diseases today.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says he will "deal with" Cristiano Ronaldo after the unused substitute walked down the tunnel before the end of the win over Tottenham.
The sale of the artwork, described as an "iconic masterpiece", means it will remain on public display.
A blistering resignation, a new home secretary and allegations of bullying as another chaotic day unfolds.
The home secretary resigned after sending official documents from an unsecured email address.
Looking at claims about energy bills, NHS backlogs and interest rates.
BBC reporters around the globe explain how the political and economic upheaval is being viewed.
Liz Truss is facing a number of hurdles as she tries to get policies through and keep her job.
The BBC’s Sliced Bread Team have been investigating whether the popular food gadget can save you money.
Readers tell BBC News how they are managing to stay warm, without yet turning on the heating.
This budget-friendly veggie meal plan covers a week's worth of dinners for four adults, coming in at under £28 in total.
The price of the things we spend our money on is again rising at its highest rate in 40 years.
Warm banks are popping up across the country, mostly run by volunteers. We spoke to three people involved.
The BBC's economics editor Faisal Islam answers your questions on inflation.
The teenager's mum is working two jobs, but says her bank account is empty at the end of the month.
Images of nights skies show power supplies disappearing in Ethiopia as a humanitarian crisis bites.
Suella Braverman's resignation during a chaotic day at Westminster leads most of the papers.
Brian Wilson, from Sheffield, has been driving lorries since he was a teenager.
The star's sound is constantly evolving - but she's always been happy to share her secrets with fans.
Our climate editor checks out the world's largest floating wind farm off the coast of Scotland.
Vladimir Putin is tightening security across Russia, with the introduction of different security levels.
When Mark Drakeford exploded at the Tories, it was not the first time a politician had seen red.
An investigation is under way into the crash of a fighter jet into a block of flats in Russia.
Derek Richford's determination led to an inquiry into maternity care at East Kent hospitals.
The streamer has grown its subscriber base after two consecutive quarters of losses.
British wheelchair basketball stars Laurie Williams and Robyn Love discuss starting a family - and how they found out about their pregnancy in a supermarket.
Earlier this year, the company fired an engineer who claimed the Lamda AI language system had feelings.
Tace McWilliam says she won't be able to afford to live alone for a long time.
Arsenal put in a phenomenal performance to beat Women's Champions League holders Lyon with goals from Caitlin Foord, Frida Maanum and Beth Mead.
Cook Islands power back from a half-time deficit to edge Wales 18-12 in their Rugby League World Cup opener in Leigh.
Darwin Nunez scores his first Anfield goal for Liverpool and Alisson saves a penalty as the Reds defeat West Ham in an incident-packed encounter.
Rory McIlroy rejects Phil Mickelson's suggestion that he has picked the "winning side" in the dispute between the LIV series and PGA Tour.
Ronnie O'Sullivan tells BBC Sport snooker has "become like an emotionless type job" after his second-round defeat by David Grace at the Northern Ireland Open.
Match of the Day pundits Gary Lineker & Micah Richards discuss how Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes was back to his best in their 2-0 victory over Tottenham in the Premier League.
Newcastle underline their top-six credentials by beating Everton thanks to Miguel Almiron's fifth goal of the season.
Candidates have yet to declare, but Chancellor Jeremy Hunt and Michael Gove rule themselves out.
Liz Truss leaves her successor a party in chaos, spiralling prices, rising interest rates and squeezed budgets.
Opposition parties demand an election following the resignation of Prime Minister Liz Truss.
Altrincham voters tell the BBC's Rowan Bridge they're bemused by the latest political "shambles".
The system can no longer operate effectively, the Care Quality Commission warns, as delays mount.
Tehran has experts on the ground in Crimea helping with drone attacks on Ukraine, the White House says.
Energy, food and fuel prices have risen sharply in the last six months in part due to the Ukraine war.
Hans Niemann is suing grandmaster Magnus Carlsen and others after they accused him of cheating.
Far-right Giorgia Meloni could be sworn in as PM soon, despite a row with ally Silvio Berlusconi.
The case was brought by Anthony Rapp, who had been seeking around $40m (£36m) in damages.
The UN says Colombia has increased its cultivation of the plant - the main ingredient in cocaine.
Aston Villa sack manager Steven Gerrard after Thursday's 3-0 defeat at Fulham which leaves them just outside the relegation zone.
It comes after trustees commissioned a sculptor who had not entered a submission to make the statue.
Conservatives are choosing a new leader, just over a month after appointing the last one.
The outgoing PM won power promising radical change, but it ended in disaster, after just 45 days.
A new Tory leader and PM will be chosen by 28 October.
The UK prime minister's short time in office had some dramatic twists and turns.
The BBC looks back on the day that the prime minister resigned.
A look back at the prime ministers short time as leader of the UK.
An election for the next leader of the Conservative Party will take place within the next week.
Here's what you need to know about Liz Truss and why she resigned as prime minister.
The BBC's Leila Nathoo explains the latest after Prime Minister Liz Truss' resignation.
The personal and political journey of the UK's shortest-serving prime minister.
Just five weeks after arriving at Downing Street, Liz Truss announces she is stepping down from the job.
The Salford-born MP's visits to No 10 have spelled the end for the UK's most recent prime ministers.
Rebecca Kellaway is a waitress. And a carer. And has three cleaning roles.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Young people speak to Newsbeat about how rising prices are impacting the food they can eat.
The BBC’s Sliced Bread Team has been investigating whether the popular food gadget can save you money.
Campaigner Kate Isaacs describes the horror of seeing her face digitally edited into an adult film.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Katie Macleod travelled the world while managing to keep working as a freelance graphic designer.
A closer look at Ron DeSantis, who supporters believe could be the next Republican president.
With high energy prices and disrupted gas supplies, European nations consider more nuclear power plants.
The inquiry, launched after the Jimmy Savile scandal, took seven years - so what have we learned?
The race to become the next PM after Liz Truss's resignation leads most of the papers.
Video footage shows a protester from Hong Kong being dragged into grounds of building and being assaulted.
British and Australian women speak out about their trauma following invasive medical examinations by Qatari officials in 2020.
Archaeologists in Mosul made the discovery while reconstructing a site destroyed by IS militants.
News of Liz Truss's resignation prompted quick reaction from political leaders and media commentators around the world.
The US embassy hits back at anti-American remarks from Viktor Orban's government over the Ukraine war.
The BBC's analysis editor on his new venture delving into facts, stats and explanation to help make sense of news events.
The singer wants to highlight the impact of social media on our mental health in the last 20 years.
Our climate editor checks out the world's largest floating wind farm off the coast of Scotland.
An investigation is under way into the crash of a fighter jet into a block of flats in Russia.
After Steven Gerrard's Aston Villa departure, BBC Sport looks at some of the possible contenders to replace him.
Leeds boss Jesse Marsch apologises for failing to acknowledge club's fans after 2-0 loss to fellow strugglers Leicester City.
Chelsea's Champions League win at Paris St-Germain - secured by Millie Bright's goal - shows how far the Women's Super League has come, says general manager Paul Green.
Cristiano Ronaldo says "the heat of the moment" got to him in the incident that has led to Manchester United dropping him for Saturday's game at Chelsea.
Tyson Fury says "nobody can touch me" before his December bout with Derek Chisora and that he plans to fight unified champion Oleksandr Usyk.
Under pressure Steven Gerrard says he "won't quit" as Aston Villa boss after a 3-0 defeat to Fulham - but is out of a job soon afterwards.
Flanker Marlie Packer will captain an almost entirely changed England XV in the side's final Rugby World Cup pool game against South Africa on Saturday.
Allies of the ex-chancellor say he now has enough backers to run, as the former PM heads home from the Caribbean.
If Mr Trump does not comply with the subpoena he could face criminal charges and imprisonment.
Russia has mobilised many thousands of men to fight in Ukraine. But Mikhail Ashichev refuses to go.
Lloyd Austin spoke with his Russian counterpart Sergei Shoigu for the second time since the war began.
The key Trump ally refused to co-operate with a probe looking into the 6 January 2021 Capitol riot.
Political instability and high inflation in the country means it is less likely to pay back debts, the ratings agency says.
A marine crew battled for hours to free a humpback whale from fishing gear. Then they watched in awe as the giant did this.
Italy's president asks Giorgia Meloni to form the next government, to be sworn in on Saturday.
As a former prime minister, Ms Truss would be able to claim the money for expenses for public duties.
A doctor tells a court of his findings after examining a baby allegedly murdered by nurse Lucy Letby.
Christian Matheson invited an ex-staff member on a "sexually motivated" trip abroad, a report says.
It is the first time in 10 years the popular lunch choice has gone up for all customers.
Josephine Melville fell ill after performing in a production at Nottingham Playhouse.
Adrian Kwiatkowski offered the songs in exchange for cryptocurrency on the dark web.
Conservatives are choosing a new leader, just over a month after appointing the last one.
Conservative MPs have started declaring who they want to become Britain's next prime minister.
Penny Mordaunt may not have the name recognition of her rivals, but has been on the rise.
The former prime minister is considering a return to Downing Street three months after being ejected.
Opposition parties demand an election following the resignation of Prime Minister Liz Truss.
A new Tory leader and PM will be chosen by 28 October.
Rebecca Kellaway is a waitress. And a carer. And has three cleaning roles.
The pound has fallen against the dollar as the UK's financial and political turmoil continues.
Young people speak to Newsbeat about how rising prices are impacting the food they can eat.
Boris Johnson flying back from holiday and more MPs backing Rishi Sunak in the Tory leadership race make the lead for several papers.
This sentence for contempt of Congress comes as Donald Trump faces a subpoena from the same committee.
Hans Niemann is suing grandmaster Magnus Carlsen and others after they accused him of cheating.
There are concerns about security if the Tory leadership is decided by an online ballot of party members.
After Aston Villa sacked Steven Gerrard just 11 months into the job, BBC Sport asks: How long does a Premier League manager last on average now?
Some say the future of the largest rainforest in the world depends on who becomes Brazil's president.
The bison is the first to be born wild in the UK for thousands of years.
The Hollywood actor's lost memoir has been rediscovered and sheds light on the tortured star's life.
The conflict has driven them closer together in a way which could impact the world beyond Ukraine.
Critics praise the "fantastic songs" on Midnights, but some add there is "not a smash hit in sight".
Katie Macleod travelled the world while managing to keep working as a freelance graphic designer.
Parts of Beijing are now being locked down as China's Communist Party holds a historic Congress.
A closer look at Ron DeSantis, who supporters believe could be the next Republican president.
Holders Australia thrash sorry Scotland 84-0 in Coventry, all but confirming their spot in the Rugby League World Cup knockout stages.
St Johnstone come from behind to beat Hibernian at Easter Road as VAR enjoyed a controversy-free introduction to the Scottish Premiership.
Two-time Grand Slam champion Simona Halep is provisionally suspended from tennis after testing positive for a banned substance.
BBC Sport analyses the remaining teams in the T20 World Cup and makes predictions as the tournament reaches the Super 12 phase.
Ferrari drivers Carlos Sainz and Charles Leclerc headed the two Friday practice sessions at the United States Grand Prix in Austin, Texas.
Watch as Matt Burton performs a one-handed through-the-legs pass to set up Josh Addo-Carr for a fourth try in Australia's 84-0 win over Scotland.
The former PM and the leadership frontrunner hold talks as the deadline for nominations in the contest to replace Liz Truss edges nearer.
An economy in crisis and an unruly party await the new Tory leader, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Ukraine's president says the attacks were on a "very wide" scale, but most of the missiles were downed.
Why was Hu Jintao asked to leave the stage at the end of China's Communist Party congress?
The fire started on Friday night along one of the mountain's most popular climbing routes.
European champions England will face Denmark and China at the Women's World Cup in 2023 in Australia and New Zealand.
About 80,000 people march in Germany's capital, in the biggest rally held so far by the Iranian diaspora.
Police say a man, in his 30s, was rescued from the rubble but the boy died at the scene.
Andy Burnham and Steve Rotheram held the briefing to demand more funding for train operators.
England all but secure their place in the knockout stages of the World Cup with a comfortable 42-18 victory over France in Bolton.
The bronze statue, which is subject to CCTV surveillance, has been targeted again.
The actress will make her final Doctor Who appearance in a 90-minute special on BBC One on Sunday.
Paramedics "battled to save" the 29-year-old but he was pronounced dead at the scene, police say.
Conservatives are choosing a new leader, just over a month after appointing the last one.
A former finance analyst, Rishi Sunak was runner-up in the previous leadership contest.
The former prime minister is considering a return to Downing Street three months after being ejected.
Conservative MPs have started declaring who they want to become Britain's next prime minister.
After the fastest exit from Downing Street in UK history, what is Liz Truss entitled to?
A couple say their mortgage-free, low-cost tiny home has allowed them to take risks.
Firefighters urge the public to ensure heat sources and electrical products are well maintained.
As the cost of living crisis deepens, more people are calling debt helplines than ever before.
A third-generation grower says he is scared he could "just lose the whole business".
Mum Julie Andrews ignored gas, electric and council tax bills and got loans to buy school uniform.
Community groups express their concern over an uncertain future post-Brexit.
Energy bills have gone up, but there are some easy ways households can reduce costs.
The latest in the Tory leadership race and schools being crippled by the cost of bills, make the lead stories in the papers.
In April 1945, the BBC’s Richard Dimbleby was the first reporter to enter the liberated Belsen concentration camp. 
Flora's condition, ARFID, means she avoids almost all food apart from plain pasta, butter and bread.
How the star takes ideas with "aspirations to be a movie theme" and "persuades them into pop songs".
My Neighbour Totoro, the classic anime film, has been recreated by the Royal Shakespeare Company.
The cost of pet food has soared in Australia due to the pandemic and the Ukraine war.
A week travelling on a typical route shows what happens to the country when the buses stop running.
Influencer Grace Keeling says TikTok can be a welcome distraction but also an educational tool.
The granddaughter of founder William Alexander speaks for the first time about the family's history.
Producer Giles Martin has used artificial intelligence to pull apart and reconstruct the group's seventh album.
The striking protest tapped into a vein of discontent, leaving an enduring legacy in Chinese dissent.
Brendan Gleeson and Colin Farrell star in The Banshees of Inisherin, Martin McDonagh's new comedy.
Some say the future of the largest rainforest in the world depends on who becomes Brazil's president.
It was a result no-one saw coming but will Nottingham Forest kick on after a surprise 1-0 win over Liverpool?
Carlos Sainz takes pole position for the United States Grand Prix, beating Ferrari team-mate Charles Leclerc and Red Bull's Max Verstappen.
After Cristiano Ronaldo was left out of the squad to face Chelsea on Saturday, does the Portugal forward have a future at Manchester United?
Red Bull co-owner Dietrich Mateschitz, a major global business figure as a result of his energy drinks empire, dies aged 78.
Winger Dominic Young has made a stellar start to his England career and his latest performance left pundits drawing comparisons with great Martin Offiah.
Match of the Day pundits Danny Murphy and Martin Keown look at Manchester United's Casemiro, who scored a late equaliser in their 1-1 draw at Chelsea.
England's bowlers set up a five-wicket victory over Afghanistan as Jos Buttler's side make a winning start to the Men's T20 World Cup.
September's loser appears on the verge of becoming October's prime minister, political editor Chris Mason writes.
The former PM says he had the support of enough MPs but there needs to be "a united party in Parliament".
Literary agent Andrew Wylie gives an update on the novelist's health two months after his stabbing.
Max Verstappen fought back to pass Lewis Hamilton to win a dramatic United States Grand Prix and equal the record for victories in a season.
Avoid reading unless you're happy for major spoilers, as the 13th Doctor leaves the show.
Hundreds of people receive the first congratulatory messages from the new monarch and Queen Consort.
Former Bank of England governor Lord King says people could face "significantly higher taxes".
Royal Mail says everyday stamps that do not have a barcode will no be longer valid after 31 January.
Police say they are looking for a man "believed to be known to both women".
Two women were taken to hospital after reports of a fight in east London, the Met says.
Scott-Swaley Daniel Stevens, 12, was "well-loved" and "will be missed by so many", his family says.
The hurricane has since been downgraded to a tropical cyclone and is expected to dissipate overnight.
College students were asked to create headwear to help resist the urge to peek at others' papers.
Boris Johnson's full statement as he rules himself out of the race to replace Liz Truss as the next PM.
Conservative MPs have started declaring who they want to become Britain's next prime minister.
A new Tory leader and PM will be chosen by 28 October.
An economy in crisis and an unruly party await the new Tory leader, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
The decision to hold an early election usually rests with the prime minister.
Conservatives are choosing a new leader, just over a month after appointing the last one.
The former prime minister is considering a return to Downing Street three months after being ejected.
European countries have taken different approaches to higher energy bills.
A couple say their mortgage-free, low-cost tiny home has allowed them to take risks.
Boris Johnson bows out of the Tory leadership race as Rishi Sunak takes the lead, Monday's papers say.
How have the revelations behind Harvey Weinstein's court cases changed how Hollywood works?
Former boxer Anthony Ogogo shares his story from the UK's most easterly point to Olympic success.
A father carried his son's weight up Mount Kilimanjaro to raise awareness of meningitis.
Millions of Indians are illuminating their surroundings with lamps and fireworks to celebrate the festival.
China did not want another Mao, but the party did little to stop the rise of a more powerful leader.
As Ukraine retakes territory, villagers tell the BBC about their precarious life under Russian rule.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer was not expecting his old side Newcastle to be in the Premier League top four after 12 games but says their results show they mean business.
Tottenham boss Antonio Conte says Spurs need "time and patience and, also for sure, money," after suffering a third defeat in five Premier League games.
Jesse Marsch says his long-term future is at Leeds but Sunday's loss to Fulham laid bare the problems he faces.
Rory McIlroy overtakes Scottie Scheffler at the top of golf's world rankings by retaining his CJ Cup title in South Carolina.
Former Newcastle captain and manager Alan Shearer explains how his old club's pressing and unity helped them beat Tottenham 2-1.
Whose sheer presence causes pandemonium? Who dug his team out of a hole? Find out in Garth Crooks' latest Team of the Week.
India superstar Virat Kohli caps a sporting occasion like no other in Melbourne with a masterclass that ranks among his greatest feats.
Rishi Sunak won the Tory leadership race after rival Penny Mordaunt failed to secure enough backing.
The BBC's Ione Wells answers your questions on the UK's next prime minister.
Ukraine had suggested some Russian units were leaving Kherson, a city that fell early in the war.
A BBC investigation finds evidence that Russian forces deliberately destroyed a pipeline to Mykolaiv.
Uswitch says prepayment meter users are more likely to be vulnerable and at risk of running out of credit.
US media reported the actor was killed after being involved in a car crash on Monday.
Lisa Squire says Pawel Relowicz has agreed to meet her in prison.
They urge publication of a draft bill that could see firms fined 10% of turnover for market abuses.
Russian state TV suspends a famous presenter - but its anti-Ukrainian rhetoric continues.
Simon Armitage’s poem Transmission Report celebrates 100 years of the BBC.
Two women were taken to hospital after reports of a fight in east London on Saturday.
Tim Gough, 55, dies from a suspected heart attack while broadcasting from his home in Suffolk.
Police "quickly stopped" a gunman in his 20s who entered a Missouri public school on Monday morning.
Rishi Sunak lost the race to be PM - then staged a comeback. Here's what you need to know about him.
Rishi Sunak will be the UK's next prime minister after winning the Conservative Party leadership contest.
Asian family WhatsApp groups often buzz with blessings and useless facts. What about when Sunak was named as next PM?
Will Tory MPs' enthusiasm for their new leader last when his government confronts tough problems?
What awaits Rishi Sunak when he walks through the doors of Downing Street?
Rishi Sunak, the fifth Conservative prime minister in seven years, inherits many pressing challenges.
The former chancellor has not made any new pledges during the four-day contest to replace Liz Truss.
The decision to hold an early election usually rests with the prime minister.
The BBC's political editor Chris Mason reports on the Tory leadership announcement.
Rishi Sunak will be the next prime minister after no other rivals came forward to challenge him.
What does the former Chancellor's appointment as Conservative leader mean for politics in Scotland?
Tuesday's front pages all focus on Rishi Sunak becoming the UK's third prime minister this year.
The WHO says a poll commissioned by the BBC shows the pandemic had "diverse" effects on mental health.
The alleged rape and murder of 12-year-old Lola by an illegal migrant has inflamed French politics.
Russia’s defence minister has made claims that Ukraine could explode a 'dirty bomb'.
The star discusses his new album, how fame affected his Tourette's, and being wary of Ed Sheeran.
In the middle of an energy crisis, giant ships full of liquefied natural gas are waiting off Europe's coast.
The German singer tells BBC Newsbeat her chart success with Sam Smith has been a dream come true.
How have the revelations behind Harvey Weinstein's court cases changed how Hollywood works?
Campaigners say the popular single-use vapes are an environmental nightmare.
Get up to speed with everything you need to know this election season.
As much of the world's earth has been degraded, efforts are being made to improve matters.
In a Senate split 50-50 between two parties, every race counts. Here are the six closest ones.
Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng stock index fell more than 6% on investor concerns over Xi Jinping's policies.
Aston Villa appoint Villarreal manager and former Arsenal boss Unai Emery to succeed the sacked Steven Gerrard.
Tonga put one foot in the Rugby League World Cup quarter-finals but are made to work hard before beating a gutsy Wales side 32-6.
West Ham move up seven places to 10th in the Premier League table as Kurt Zouma's controversial goal helps them beat Bournemouth.
Fernando Alonso questions Formula 1's direction before a protest against a penalty that left him out of the points at the United States Grand Prix.
Shaun Murphy says reaching "the bottom of my mental health" convinced him to brave "life-changing" stomach surgery.
Watch the moment Tonga produce a sensational piece of play against Wales only for video referee to rule the try out at the Rugby League World Cup.
England second row Rosie Galligan, who spent three years out of Test rugby through injury, illness and lockdowns, tells Rugby Union Weekly she has returned a better player.
The PM's reshuffle of his top team signals his priorities: unity and stability. But can it work?
In his first speech as PM, Rishi Sunak vowed to restore trust and lead the UK through "a profound economic crisis".
It comes as investors welcomed the appointment of Rishi Sunak and the dollar fell.
The country's energy sector is struggling to cope after Russian attacks, a top official says.
Some Covid help was not targeted enough and the same is happening with energy bills, its president says.
Peers have questioned how non-working royals can still carry out constitutional duties for the King.
A flying school linked to the recruitment of British pilots says the UK was "fully aware" of its work.
A scientist says his recordings of 53 marine species changes what we know about the evolution of sounds.
Any cuts in funding in next week's spending announcement will hit poorest people hardest, warn experts.
Leading medical experts call for action ahead of a major climate conference next month.
New research shows a genetic link between African ancestry and triple negative breast cancer.
Amou Haji avoided soap for fear of getting ill and lived part of his life in a hole in the ground.
The BBC understands executives are planning to announce the production will end as early as next year.
The UK campaigner says it is the first public LGBT protest to take place in a Gulf state.
Experts say why they think it appears increasingly difficult for prime ministers to remain in power.
As Rishi Sunak takes office, we look what else has changed on Downing Street.
A rundown of the people in Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's cabinet, with new faces, as well as those who have changed roles.
A former finance analyst, Rishi Sunak has won the premiership second-time round.
A meeting with the King, a speech to the nation and a cabinet reshuffle.
New PM Rishi Sunak pays tribute to his predecessor, saying her errors were not borne of ill will.
Michael Gove and Dominic Raab return to government, as does Suella Braverman only days after quitting.
Rishi Sunak lost the race to be PM - then staged a comeback. Here's what you need to know about him.
Speaking outside Downing Street, the PM says economic stability will be at the heart of his agenda.
Liz Truss says it has been a “huge honour “ to be prime minister of the UK.
The new British prime minister gives his first address to the nation from Downing Street.
The new prime minister says there are "difficult decisions to come" and that could affect our finances.
Food banks are seeing more people in full-time employment and with mortgages using their services.
A charity has seen a sharp increase in the number of abandoned pets amid the cost of living crisis.
The price of the things we spend our money on is again rising at its highest rate in 40 years.
Wednesday's papers look to Rishi Sunak's first day as prime minister, and analyse his choice of cabinet.
As the Koreas trade warning shots, the situation on the peninsula is at its most volatile in years.
Child migrant Michael Goodwin never knew his mother - a German Jew - spent her life looking for him.
This year's climate summit comes amid spiralling energy costs and diplomatic tensions.
Jessica Chastain stars as the real-life nurse who helped stop a serial killer in Netflix crime drama.
With US midterm elections looming, singles yearn more than ever to meet their ideological soulmate.
Rishi Sunak's rise to Tory leader without a membership vote fuels discontent among the grassroots.
Nujuum Hashi has overcome traditional prejudice to become a respected artist in Somalia.
After years of battling, Debbie Schwartz hopes the UK's first clinic of its type will give answers.
The new prime minister must restore market credibility, tackle inflation and drive growth.
Pep Guardiola admits Manchester City have a "problem" with penalties as Riyad Mahrez misses in the draw with Borussia Dortmund.
A wonder strike from Shakhtar Donetsk's precocious forward Mykhaylo Mudryk denies Celtic a first Champions League win and ended their hopes of European football after Christmas.
Two wonderful finishes by Mateo Kovacic and Kai Havertz earn Chelsea victory over Red Bull Salzburg and send Graham Potter's side into the Champions League last 16.
Marcus Stoinis hits a magnificent unbeaten half-century as Australia bounce back from their opening defeat at the T20 World Cup by beating Sri Lanka.
Papua New Guinea keep their hopes of reaching the Rugby League World Cup quarter-finals alive with a six-try win over Cook Islands.
BBC Sport visits Germany to examine whether Bayern Munich's 10th straight league title is harming competition in the Bundesliga.
The ban for England had been lifted by Liz Truss, but Rishi Sunak made it one of his first reversals as PM.
Unison is urging nurses, paramedics, porters and cleaners to walkout over a below-inflation pay rise.
The new PM has not matched a Liz Truss target to spend 3% of national wealth on defence.
Elon Musk changed his Twitter bio to "Chief Twit" ahead of the Friday deadline to complete its acquisition.
Some 3.2m adults struggle to afford basic hygiene products leading to shame and exclusion, charity says.
Equality and Human Rights Commission issues guidance to combat "potentially discriminatory policy".
Scientists say they now understand more about the mysterious role of epigenetics in cancer growth.
A report says an additional 20,000 black women need to be recruited to match numbers in the wider workforce.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan and Chris Philp have both been given more junior roles under the new PM.
Labour called Foreign Secretary James Cleverly's remarks about the World Cup "shockingly tone-deaf".
At least a dozen species display this 'bad habit' and now scientists want to know why.
Thousands gather in the young woman's home city of Saqqez to mark 40 days since her death in custody.
The company has lost confidence of many investors, after shares have plunged roughly 60% this year.
A mum says she fears being separated from her disabled daughter due to energy costs.
Big decisions affecting your money will be announced in next month's Autumn Statement.
Young professionals hit by the cost of living are being targeted by scams suggesting money-making schemes.
High inflation sees charities having to use more of their funds to provide the basics for those who struggle.
All UK households will get a grant which will reduce energy bills by £400 from October.
Most of Thursday's papers look at the different issues facing Rishi Sunak as begins his new role.
Svalbard, a Norwegian archipelago, is thought to be heating at six times the global average.
The star is the lead in a romantic whodunnit with more twists and turns than an Agatha Christie novel.
Poverty is a huge election issue as many Brazilians struggle amid the cost of living crisis.
The BBC revisits Aastha Arora - "the special baby" whose birth in 2000 made global headlines.
We take a look at early indications of the new prime minister's direction on key areas.
Looking at claims about police numbers, nurses and fracking.
Anti-monarchy attitudes are strongest in Quebec, where 79% say Canada should cut ties with the Crown.
Rishi Sunak faces Keir Starmer and other MPs for his first time as prime minister at PMQs.
President Bolsonaro faces rival Lula da Silva in a second-round run-off on 30 October.
Russia is sending thousands more troops to Belarus. Is the country going to join the war in Ukraine?
Voters are not picking a new president in this election, but the outcome will be a verdict on Joe Biden.
This year's climate summit comes amid spiralling energy costs and diplomatic tensions.
Antonio Conte expressed his frustration as VAR denied his Tottenham side a dramatic late winner against Sporting Lisbon, before he was sent off for his reaction to the decision.
Liverpool secure their passage into the Champions League knockout stage with a clinical second-half display against Ajax in Amsterdam.
Rangers suffer a fifth consecutive Champions League defeat at the hands of an accomplished Napoli, but escaped without any significant damage to their brittle confidence.
Sam Kerr scores four as Chelsea win comfortably against Vllaznia to extend their lead at the top of their Women's Champions League group.
Watch the highlights as captain Andrew Balbirnie scores a brilliant 62 to lead Ireland to a famous victory over England in the Men's T20 World Cup.
Harry Kane is denied a late winner by a lengthy VAR check as Tottenham get a Champions League draw against Sporting Lisbon that leaves them needed a point from their final group game.
Conor Benn voluntarily relinquishes his boxing licence after failing a drug test before his fight with Chris Eubank Jr.
Twitter's chief executive and finance boss are reportedly ousted as the tycoon acquires the social media platform.
With no return to devolved government, the NI secretary must now call an election within 12 weeks.
Among those injured in the attack near Milan was Pablo Mari, a footballer on loan from Arsenal.
The new PM will not attend the COP27 conference in Egypt due to pressing commitments, No 10 says.
Sculptor Martin Jennings, who created the image of the King, describes it as a remarkable experience.
Gloucestershire Royal has some of England's worst ambulance waiting times, with a hard winter to come.
Labour's deputy leader says the party wants people to "create wealth", echoing Peter Mandelson.
Amnesty International says at least eight people have died amid anti-government protests across Iran.
Ministers needs to find billions of pounds to plug the 'hole' in public finances.
Amber Rudd says a scheme to send asylum seekers to Rwanda is also "impractical" and will not happen.
Ash Regan is among seven SNP MSPs who did not support the plans as they faced their first Holyrood vote.
A TikTok influencer "set a trap" on a man who was blackmailing her mum with a sex tape, a jury hears.
Many people living in remote communities are concerned about the impact of rapidly rising prices.
Some 3.2m adults struggle to afford basic hygiene products leading to shame and exclusion, charity says.
Prince Harry's memoir set to worry the royals and Rishi Sunak plans tax cuts, Friday's papers say.
Rishi Sunak points to his time in California studying and working as a defining part of his life.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
From music to cultural discussions, Asian Network has provided a "community" feel for 20 years.
The contest between Beto O'rourke and Greg Abbott is a textbook showdown of the US left and right.
How two Christian women's friendship ended with one dead and the other facing a life behind bars.
The Royal British Legion launches its 2022 Poppy Appeal with an installation in London.
An investigator says images of pre-pubescent children being exploited were traced back to the site.
We take a look at early indications of the new prime minister's direction in key areas.
The statues were torn down in response to a law that prohibits totalitarian regimes.
The RSPCA says some dogs and cats may find the experience 'worrying and even scary'.
As whale populations rebound, more are getting entangled in fishing gear - and rescues are dangerous.
Susan Wamaitha was urged to take a Chinese-made contraceptive not knowing it was banned in Kenya.
The income the Sisters of the Valley make from growing cannabis is at half its pre-pandemic level.
Tensions in Iraqi Kurdistan are high after missile and drone attacks from the Iranian Revolutionary Guard.
Manchester United cruise past Sheriff but will need to beat Real Sociedad in their Europa League Group E finale to take top spot.
Captain Sarah Hunter will become the most-capped England international and the most-capped women's player when she makes her 138th appearance in Sunday's World Cup quarter-final with Australia.
Premier League leaders Arsenal have to "reset" after losing to PSV Eindhoven and missing the chance to seal top spot in Europa League Group A, says boss Mikel Arteta.
England will not "throw the baby out with the bathwater" in their crucial T20 World Cup match against Australia on Friday, says coach Matthew Mott.
Red Bull's punishment for breaking Formula 1's budget cap will be revealed on Friday.
Watch the closing stages as Pakistan suffer a shock one-run defeat by Zimbabwe in the T20 World Cup in Perth.
Arsenal firmly establish their lead at the top of their Women's Champions League group with a comfortable victory over Swiss champions Zurich at Emirates Stadium.
The intruder allegedly demanded to see top US Democrat Nancy Pelosi, and left her husband with a fractured skull.
Russian strikes on energy infrastructure leave Ukrainians facing power cuts of more than four hours.
Top managers leave the social media platform as the billionaire seals his takeover of the firm.
Jerry Lee Lewis, singer behind Great Balls of Fire, dies after life marred by scandal and violence.
The government spends more of the aid budget at home than on direct help overseas, estimates indicate.
Pablo Marí is to be sidelined for about two months after having surgery on wounds he sustained when he was stabbed in an Italian supermarket.
Despite the find Piet Mondrian's painting will continue to be shown as it is to avoid any damage.
Security forces reportedly fire on protesters in Zahedan, as anti-government unrest continues.
A man is arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender over the murder of the nine-year-old.
Downing Street says the two leaders pledged to work on deterring "deadly journeys" in the Channel.
Dino Price admitted dangerous driving, affray and driving without a licence or insurance.
The pair confirm their separation and say they "arrived at this decision amicably".
The long-eared owl was rescued after being attacked by gulls off the north coast of Scotland.
Many people living in remote communities are concerned about the impact of rapidly rising prices.
The papers report a visit by Rishi Sunak to a Croydon hospital and claims about misconduct in the Navy.
With prices on the rise, could rents play a part in how people vote at the next election?
One of the most publicised and frenetic deals in Silicon Valley history has reportedly been completed.
The notorious wild man of rock’n’roll - who married his 13-year-old cousin and shot his bass player - has died at 87.
Dozens of cities across the country have been affected by varying degrees of restrictions.
Jaqueline Kirk was not bitter and found solace in nature photography, those who knew her say.
Researchers in Sweden are close to completing an industry-first average female crash test dummy.
A "time travel trail" in Worcester sees special displays of photos and videos of residents reminiscing.
A look at why China's former leader was led out of the Communist Party Congress.
How influencers are combatting the environmental costs of fast fashion Halloween costumes
How an AA technician came face to face with Jemma Mitchell, who was dumping her victim's body.
The contest between Beto O'Rourke and Greg Abbott is a textbook showdown of the US left and right.
Red Bull have been hit with a $7m (£6.07m) fine and a 10% reduction in permitted aerodynamic research for breaking Formula 1's budget cap.
New Zealand cruise to a 48-10 victory to leave a forlorn Ireland facing a group-stage exit from the World Cup.
Wasps are suspended from the Premiership and Premiership Rugby Cup for the rest of the season and relegated, the Rugby Football Union confirms.
Ben Duckett's long road back to Test cricket is much more than recovering from an incident in a Perth nightclub, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Ferrari's Charles Leclerc is unhurt following a heavy crash in Friday practice at the Mexico City Grand Prix.
Gloucester win their fourth Premiership match in a row as they beat Exeter 38-22 in front of a sold-out Kingsholm.
Jordan Rapana, Peta Hiku and Jahrome Hughes score two tries each as New Zealand produce a dominant victory over Ireland at Headingley to leave the Wolfhounds on the brink of a World Cup exit.
Halloween revellers pour into a narrow street in South Korea's capital, causing a deadly crush.
The Mail on Sunday claims the ex-prime minister's phone was hacked while she was foreign secretary.
The UN says it is vital not to imperil the deal, as Ukraine accuses Russia of "using a false pretext".
The Princess of Wales sends a message telling people with addictions not to be ashamed to get help.
Several Zimbabwean skulls were found in archives but none belong to Zimbabwe's anti-colonial heroes.
Labour is calling for risk assessments of Suella Braverman's security breach to be published.
Brazilians on both sides of the political divide say they are anxious ahead of the deciding vote.
The appointment comes as the new prime minister and his family move back into No 10 Downing Street.
As Ford announces the end of the Fiesta, keen fans sing its praises and mourn its loss.
Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool need to find consistency to avoid missing out on a top-four finish in the Premier League after a damaging loss to Leeds.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen takes pole for the Mexico City Grand Prix, fending off a challenge from Mercedes drivers George Russell and Lewis Hamilton.
One family spends six months turning their home into a must-see Halloween attraction.
A mother says having a prepayment meter installed has made her situation "exponentially worse".
An old phone box has been helping people struggling with the rising costs of living in Deptford.
Russia's invasion of Ukraine has led to soaring energy prices, threatening supply to the world's poorest.
A hydroelectric scheme provides power for the 120 people living in the remote community of Knoydart.
One mother says a charity is supporting her as the rising costs of heating and food hit home.
Most of the Sunday papers look at Rishi Sunak's decision not to attend the COP27 climate summit.
Rishi Sunak's wife is a billionaire's daughter who has divided her life between three continents.
From disputed polls to "conspirituality", Brazil's presidential run-off has split society.
Rishi Sunak will be a different kind of PM but it's not the end of the drama, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
The infectious disease is spreading fast in a country ill-equipped to stop it.
A design agency in Barcelona has creatives with learning disabilities, autism and schizophrenia.
As fears grow of Russian nuclear escalation over Ukraine, Steve Rosenberg explains why he considers such a drastic step unlikely.
Hours after Nancy Pelosi's husband is attacked, US intelligence warns candidates face a "heightened risk".
Donald Trump shares a love for Twitter with Elon Musk, its new owner, but times have changed.
Rishi Sunak says he wants to build an economy that embraces the opportunities of Brexit.
Ernest Marke was attacked by a white mob in Liverpool.
The papers report a visit by Rishi Sunak to a Croydon hospital and claims about misconduct in the Navy.
Carly took her daughter to Saudi Arabia to visit her father. Three years later, she's still there.
World Cup host Qatar is receiving complaints over its human rights record and laws on homosexuality.
A British Nigerian artist is using pure gold to paint portraits depicting the stories of African diaspora women.
Graham Potter endures a nightmare return to Amex Stadium as Brighton deservedly beat Chelsea to claim their first victory under new manager Roberto de Zerbi.
Ireland's Katie Taylor retains her IBF, WBA, WBC, WBO world lightweight titles with a comprehensive win against Karen Elizabeth Carabajal.
Watch as Dominic Young scores four first-half tries against Greece to equal the record for an England international in one match.
Fabian Edwards beats Charlie Ward at Bellator 287 in Milan to edge closer towards a middleweight title shot.
Survivors have been describing the horrific crush in the centre of Seoul that killed more than 150 people.
An email sent from the home secretary's account could raise questions over how quickly she took action.
The suspension bridge collapse in Gujarat kills at least 78 people as hundreds are thrown into a river.
The suspect was found dead nearby after the incident at the immigration centre in Dover, police say.
The strikes planned for the next two weeks will not take place but action will resume on 12 November.
Many customers with non-smart prepayment meters have not cashed in vouchers aimed at helping with bills.
The Ministry of Defence said 990 people arrived on Saturday, bringing this year's total to 39,430.
King Charles is not going to the climate conference, but will host a pre-summit gathering in London.
Police say two men were pronounced dead at the scene following the incident on Sunday evening.
The president blames al-Shabab militants for being behind what he describes as a cowardly attack.
The 1.9km (1.2 mile) long train, which is composed of 100 coaches, has completed a 25km journey.
Many of Monday's newspapers report details of an attack at a migrant centre in Dover.
A little-known US team that hunts global adversaries has helped protect Ukraine from cyber attacks.
Russia says it's pulling out of the deal to allow Ukraine to export grain by sea. How much was shipped?
Red Bull's Max Verstappen broke the record for wins in a season with a comfortable and controlled victory in the Mexico City Grand Prix.
Who is playing like a future Ballon d'Or winner? Who would Gareth Southgate be brave to overlook for England? It's Garth Crooks' team of the week.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag believes David de Gea is a "great" goalkeeper and rejects the notion the Spain international cannot play with his feet.
West Ham striker Michail Antonio gives a unique analysis of himself on Match of the Day 2 after his side's 1-0 defeat by Manchester United.
Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says he hopes the injury sustained by Bukayo Saka in Sunday's win over Nottingham Forest will not threaten the player's World Cup participation with England.
Teenager Beau Greaves throws a record women's average of 107.86 as she beats Fallon Sherrock to a place in the PDC World Championship at Alexandra Palace.
After Fernando Alonso questions the value of Lewis Hamilton's seven world titles, the Mercedes driver responds on social media.
Supporters of the left-wing leader erupt with joy as Bolsonaro fails to win a second term in power.
President Bolsonaro faces rival Lula da Silva in a second-round run-off on 30 October.
As Brazil's election - and the World Cup - approach, the famous yellow shirt is being politicised.
The incident occurred on Saturday night, as tens of thousands celebrated Halloween in Itaewon.
Images from South Korea reveal how Halloween revellers met with disaster in a giant crush.
Witnesses describe the horror of being jammed in a crowd who had gone to celebrate Halloween.
Halloween revellers are seen struggling in huge crowds as emergency services attend the scene.
Footage shows rescue workers at the scene in Seoul as crowds of revellers leave the bustling area.
The home secretary faces Labour claims she is unfit for office as she defends asylum policies.
Missile attacks on key facilities across Ukraine on Monday cause power cuts and water shortages.
Chirag, Dharmik, and Chetan were on the bridge in Morbi when it collapsed into the river.
The move means he cements his control over the company by becoming its sole director.
There were fears Britishvolt could run out of money after the government refused to advance funding.
Jair Bolsonaro, who narrowly lost, has not spoken publicly since his election defeat.
The suspect is also charged assault and attempted murder of the top Democrat's husband in their home.
The messages, alongside other documents, are part of the probe into political decision-making.
Lucy Letby was asked several times to leave the family of a baby she allegedly killed, her trial hears.
Authorities say visitors will not be allowed out of the theme park until they show a negative Covid test.
The Bristol Rovers manager would be unable to have a fair trial, a judge ruled.
Ex-rugby star Mike Tindall, who is married to the King's niece, hopes to become king of the jungle.
People on a Swansea estate are reducing bills by sharing solar panels and storing the power.
Most papers focus on the pressure piling on Suella Braverman amid a row over the migrant crisis.
Home secretary Suella Braverman is facing criticism over conditions at Manston migrant centre.
The government rules aim to contain the country's largest ever bird flu outbreak.
Americans will be reshaping Congress but the impact of this vote will be far-reaching. Here's why.
The images have been unearthed from National Trust for Scotland's Canna House archive.
The leftist who led Brazil in 2003-2011 makes a dramatic return - but unity may prove elusive.
Britishvolt could run out of money after the government refused to advance £30m in funding.
Russia says it's pulling out of the deal to allow Ukraine to export grain by sea. How much was shipped?
Fans allocated tickets to Strictly Come Dancing often queue from the early hours to ensure they get in.
Job interviews can now take place in VR worlds with a computer asking the questions.
The tunnels in Edinburgh's Old Town have a grisly history - but Jamie Corstorphine finds them peaceful.
Many customers with non-smart prepayment meters have not cashed in vouchers aimed at helping with bills.
Bilbao's Guggenheim Museum transformed the face and fate of Bilbao when it opened in 1997.
President Biden has rejected suggestions the US economy is weakening.
The items include a bedspread and pillowcases sewn by Elizabeth I and her ladies in waiting.
The government has promised to reduce the number of people who use this route to come to the UK.
Trustees planning a sculpture to the feminist Elsie Inglis said they should have been more transparent.
People who were at the scene when a bridge in India's Gujarat state collapsed told the BBC what they saw.
The Lincolnshire-based Woodland Trust is urging people not to dump pumpkins in the countryside.
Papua New Guinea secure a quarter-final against hosts England with an impressive 36-0 win which ends Wales' faint Rugby League World Cup hopes.
Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba will miss France's World Cup defence in Qatar as he recovers from a knee operation.
Playing in the Rugby League World Cup will be a "pinch-me moment" for experienced England forward Jodie Cunningham.
Captain Courtney Lawes is ruled out of England's match with Argentina at Twickenham on Sunday, but Owen Farrell returns.
Watch highlights as Papua New Guinea set up a Rugby League World Cup quarter-final clash with England after beating Wales 36-0 on a wet night in Doncaster.
Australia beat Ireland to boost their hopes of reaching the T20 World Cup semi-finals, and also hurt England's last four chances.
Wales' national football teams could change their name to Cymru - the Welsh name for Wales - after this year's World Cup in Qatar.
The stories of some of the victims who died in Saturday's tragic Halloween crush in South Korea.
Sorrow, bewilderment and questions after one of South Korea's worst recent tragedies.
People gather to pay their respects with prayers and tributes near the scene of the disaster in central Seoul.
Images from Brazil as former president Lula beats incumbent Bolsonaro in the presidential election.
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva returns to power after narrowly winning the country's presidential election.
Lula da Silva won the second-round run-off on 30 October.
The former health secretary is punished by his party after announcing he will join the reality show.
Andrew Leak carried out a "despicable" firebomb attack at a migrant centre before he was found dead.
Home Secretary Suella Braverman is facing criticism for describing the migrant situation as an "invasion".
Shaima Dallali, who was elected in March, has been the subject of a code-of-conduct investigation.
He neither acknowledges defeat nor congratulates his rival but vows to comply with the constitution.
Tottenham go through to the Champions League last 16 as Group D winners after scoring in stoppage time to beat Marseille on a dramatic, frantic evening in France.
Former PM Benjamin Netanyahu is set for a dramatic return to power, forecasts say after polls close.
Parts of Kyiv fall dark, despite power and water being restored after Russian attacks on Monday.
Critics say the change could make it harder for people to find reliable sources on the social media site.
The 88-year-old grandmother with dementia died hours after a fellow resident allegedly attacked her.
Rishi Sunak is coming under growing pressure to do a U-turn on attending the UN climate summit.
Takeoff was a member of the influential US rap trio who had hits like Bad and Boujee and Stir Fry.
With vanishingly few paydays until Christmas, readers tell us how they're cutting down on festive spending.
Dave Smith couldn't believe it when he saw that a local shop was allowing people to take coats for free.
Many papers focus on fury over Matt Hancock joining TV show I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!
British officers deployed in Qatar for the World Cup will act as "cultural interpreters" between fans and local law enforcement, says Chief Constable Mark Roberts.
Former Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale's advice for Matt Hancock on appearing on I'm a Celebrity.
It is the first central bank to start unwinding the emergency support brought in after the 2008 financial crisis.
Police did almost nothing to stop a huge, unmanageable crowd from gathering.
Ukrainian civilians and troops paint a picture of endurance and hardship as winter approaches.
Thousands of New Yorkers attend the 49th annual Village Halloween Parade.
The two parties have focused on very different issues. Katty Kay decodes their campaign messages.
Ofcom is consulting on changes to telecoms rules that could see fax machines become obsolete.
Liverpool end Napoli's flawless Champions League record with victory at Anfield but still have to settle for second place in Group A.
Rangers set a new pointless record in the Champions League as Ajax consign them to a sixth straight defeat.
Great Britain's women win silver in the team final at the 2022 Gymnastics World Championships in Liverpool.
England manager Sarina Wiegman says she "would not like to comment" on the reasons why goalkeeper Hannah Hampton has been left out of the squad again.
England captain Jos Buttler hits a brilliant 73 to set up England's 20-run win in the T20 World Cup clash with New Zealand in Brisbane.
Just over 30 years ago Europe's premier club competition was relaunched as the Champions League. Bigger changes are on the way.
Hat-trick scorer Amy Hardcastle says the record-breaking crowd inspired England to a 72-4 win over Brazil in their World Cup opener at Headingley.
PM Edi Rama tells the BBC the UK was singling out his country to excuse "failed" migration policies.
Amid economic uncertainty, Rishi Sunak's team are pausing to work out what to do next, writes Chris Mason.
The group were moved out of an overcrowded facility in Kent but given nowhere to stay, the BBC is told.
A man who fought to save a victim of the 2017 Manchester bombing says "big mistakes" were made.
Military leaders are said to have talked about how and when they might use the weapons in Ukraine.
The Late Late Show comedian claims he inadvertently used a joke originally performed by Ricky Gervais.
The child likens an overcrowded facility in Kent to a prison, in a letter thrown over its fence.
Difficulties for some landlords to secure mortgages could mean less choice for tenants, MPs are told.
In a trial, 25mg of psilocybin put patients in a dreamlike state, making therapy more likely to succeed.
Christie Harnett, Nadia Sharif and Emily Moore took their own lives within months of each other.
Two Met PCs shared grossly offensive messages on WhatsApp with Sarah Everard's killer Wayne Couzens.
New research by BBC Panorama highlights the strained relationship between the road users.
Rosie Cooper delivers a stinging criticism of a TV series about the story behind a plot to kill her.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
Three people from Derby tell BBC News how they will be affected by the Bank of England base rate hike.
As food price inflation soars, front-line charities say they may have to cut down on vital services.
A new BBC documentary looks into what it takes for food couriers to make money during an evening shift.
The number of paid subscriptions to the dating app rose sharply in July to September.
Lee Murthwaite is seeing a 400% increase in energy bills at the recording studio he owns.
Some papers cover a group of migrants mistakenly left stranded in central London without accommodation.
Mr Xi's vision is in stark contrast to what the West had hoped for from decades of trade and engagement.
Why are Albanian migrants coming to the UK and how many have arrived?
There were a number of claims made about the asylum system at Prime Minister's Questions.
Harmonie-Rose has been training with an assistance dog to help her do tasks.
BBC journalist Anne-Marie Dias Borges tells how her foster father invented the iconic claw hair clip.
Constituents react to their MP, ex-Health Secretary Matt Hancock, joining ITV's I'm A Celebrity.
The director of Visit Halland says the region's hashtag is now filled with photos of the footballer.
The singer reflects on how the band survived 30 years, and tells the stories behind their best songs.
Russia's invasion of Ukraine is making its future uncertain - but so too is its authoritarian past.
Tottenham forward Son Heung-min is to have surgery to stabilise a fracture around his left eye which could rule him out of the World Cup.
Wing Claudia MacDonald returns from injury and prop Hannah Botterman starts as England make two changes for their World Cup semi-final against Canada.
Rafael Nadal is beaten by Thomas Paul at Paris Masters while Britons Dan Evans and Jack Draper are also eliminated.
Watch the moment Zimbabwe fielder Milton Shumba loses his trousers whilst attempting to stop a Netherlands boundary in the T20 World Cup in Australia.
Denis Zakaria scores on his Chelsea debut as the Blues round off their successful Champions League Group E campaign with victory against Dinamo Zagreb.
British heavyweight Anthony Joshua says he is willing to fight Dillian Whyte in a rematch on his return to action next year.
Disciplinary proceedings over charges resulting from racism allegations at Yorkshire will take place in public.
The Bank of England raises interest rates to 3%, marking the biggest rise for 33 years.
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky says 4.5 million people are without power following Russian attacks.
The social media giant says staff will be told on Friday whether they are to be laid off.
Emergency chiefs say they are "truly sorry" for failings that prevented John Atkinson's survival.
The Bank of England's outlook for the UK is grim, but some things might not be as bad as first expected.
We hear from the BBC’s international editor about the difficulties of reporting from the frontline.
The £25bn nuclear project could be delayed or even axed as the government tries to cut spending.
The ousted former prime minister is wounded in the leg when a burst of gunfire hits his vehicle.
The home secretary is facing a potentially major court battle over safety of women and children.
The set of six Art Deco-style stamps depict moments from the Nativity including the journey to Bethlehem.
Final results confirm a dramatic comeback for the former prime minister, backed by the far right.
A far-right MP denies telling a black colleague to "go back to Africa" as he talks about immigration.
The Right Reverend Dr Steven Croft says his views on same-sex marriage were "slow to change".
Homeowners are worried about rising mortgage costs - but lenders must help those struggling.
Attitudes towards pre-owned goods are changing and sustainability advocates welcome the shift.
The cost of living is increasing at its fastest rate in 40 years, due to rising food and energy prices.
The UK could be set for its longest recession since records began, the Bank of England has warned.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
An economic downturn would usually mean an easing of rates, but there's inflation to tackle too.
Interest rates have seen their biggest jump for decades, so how could this affect you?
As food price inflation soars, front-line charities say they may have to cut down on vital services.
Why interest rates are so important - especially when they change.
How could rising interest rates affect the housing market around the UK?
The Bank of England is increasing its key interest rate to help curb inflation.
Most papers report on the Bank of England hiking interest rates as the UK faces a two-year recession.
Candidates who falsely believe the last US election was stolen could be in charge in 2024.
The summit in Egypt could be the world's best hope of progress on the climate issue, says Justin Rowlatt.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Corporations, speculators and individuals have spent nearly $2bn (£1.75bn) on virtual plots.
The alleged murder of 15-year-old Cassius Turvey has caused grief and anger across Australia.
Inquiry chairman Sir John Saunders says avoidable mistakes were made in the arena bombing aftermath.
Residents, businesses and migrants share their views on hotels being used to house asylum seekers.
Some unlikely fighters are strengthening Somalia's arsenal in its war against al-Shabab.
Sarah Willingham, CEO of Nightcap and former star of TV show Dragons' Den, shares her CEO Secret.
Fifa writes to all 32 teams competing at the controversial World Cup in Qatar to tell them the time has come to "focus on the football".
Jessica Gadirova finishes third in the women's all-around final to become the first British gymnast to win a medal in the event at the World Championships.
England get their Wheelchair Rugby League World Cup off to a winning start with a 38-8 win over Australia.
Teenager Alejandro Garnacho's outstanding goal sinks Real Sociedad, but Manchester United have to settle for second place in their Europa League group - and a knockout-round play-off.
Billy Vunipola is savouring his return to international rugby after fearing his England career may have been over.
Big hitting from Muhammad Haris, Iftikhar Ahmed and Shadab Khan power Pakistan to a 33-run victory over South Africa as they keep their hopes of a semi-final place alive at the T20 World Cup in Sydney.
Arsenal secure their place in the last 16 of the Europa League with a narrow victory over Zurich at Emirates Stadium.
In a Senate split 50-50 between two parties, every race counts. Here are eight to watch.
Young voters turned out in big numbers in 2020. Will they show up again to impact the midterms?
The 1865 US slavery ban doesn't cover everyone. Voters will decide whether to keep the exemptions.
Paxton and Melanie have very different views on whether abortion should be banned or protected in the US.
Walkouts on 5, 7, and 9 November are cancelled - but it is too late to stop disruption to services.
Elon Musk, the new owner of Twitter, makes the accusation as the tech firm makes sweeping job cuts.
The government estimates it will need £25-30bn to convert buildings to low-carbon heating, the BBC learns.
This is the first time members of the UK Youth Parliament have debated in the House of Commons since 2019.
Nick Kyrgios settles legal case with spectator he accused of being "drunk out of her mind" during the Wimbledon final.
Russian murderers and drug dealers who have served their time face being sent to serve in Ukraine.
The monarch will not be attending the UN climate summit COP27 which starts on Sunday.
A British woman earlier told the BBC conditions on the boat were "starting to deteriorate".
The bank says it is investigating after customers reported they were unable to pay for their shopping.
A council says it was not told about the arrival of at least 55 migrants at a Devon hotel.
An official inquiry concludes that she did not neglect her duties as prime minister.
One in 292 million odds of winning have not deterred hopeful Americans from snapping up their tickets.
Welsh students say rising bills and inflation is leading to awkward conversations with housemates.
With the energy price cap at an all-time high, can householders keep their spectacular displays switched on?
Libraries are providing support and warmth as people struggle with the cost-of-living crisis.
Attitudes towards pre-owned goods are changing and sustainability advocates welcome the shift.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
The front pages report the upheaval of Twitter under Elon Musk and consider Rishi Sunak's pledges as prime minister.
A Ukrainian woman suffered months of poor treatment and conditions while pregnant in a Russian prison.
Professional cleaner Auri from Finland cleans the homes of people in need.
As another UN summit kicks off, experts say climate anxiety could help solve the problem.
A BBC investigation finds that Ukrainian soldiers and pro-Ukrainian activists are being targeted on Telegram.
Jeremy Bowen reports on the fight for a city that Kyiv is desperate to recapture from Russia's army.
Higher demand in winter could push up the wholesale gas price before households feel much benefit.
Candidates who falsely believe the last US election was stolen could be in charge in 2024.
Some train strikes have been cancelled but disruption is still expected.
The summit in Egypt could be the world's best hope of progress on the climate issue, says Justin Rowlatt.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The rapper accuses Drake of using her ordeal in an alleged 2020 shooting for "clout" in a new track.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says players and managers are not politicians, amid continued scrutiny over the 2022 World Cup.
Josh Addo-Carr scores five tries as Australia reach the semi-finals of the World Cup with a resounding 48-4 win over Lebanon in Huddersfield.
Canada captain Sophie de Goede says she has never heard of a winning streak that has not come to an end.
Aberdeen leapfrog Hibernian into third place after an end-to-end Scottish Premiership clash at Pittodrie.
Sheffield Wednesday are the first side into the second round of the FA Cup with a comfortable 2-0 victory over Morecambe at Hillsborough.
England face Papua New Guinea in the quarter-finals of the World Cup knowing they will have to overcome a physical and brutal challenge to progress.
An ultra pro-Trump congresswoman and an anti-Trump Senate candidate are both Republicans in the same state.
Many see the upcoming elections as a test of the former president's influence on the Republican Party.
Law and order promises to be a key talking point in the US midterms. We look at the numbers.
Turnout in US elections falls below other countries. We look 10,000 miles away for a possible solution.
New voting rules have come in across the US ahead of midterm elections. What impact will they have?
They owe thousands of dollars, but these two US voters view debt forgiveness very differently.
In a Senate split 50-50 between two parties, every race counts. Here are six to watch.
The NHS is braced for the walkout by Royal College of Nursing members in a dispute over pay.
Controversially Twitter says blue-tick status will be open to those who pay a monthly $7.99.
The prime minister will travel to the COP27 summit in Egypt on Sunday to discuss climate change.
The UN's 27th annual climate conference opens in Egypt with world leaders attending on Monday.
Former energy ministers and experts highlight mistakes they say are partly to blame for steep bills.
Aaron Carter, famous as a child pop star, was the younger brother of Backstreet Boys' Nick Carter.
The holiday will fall on Monday, 8 May, two days after the coronation of King Charles III.
People whose mortgage payments had risen more than 10% would get a grant, under the party's plan.
Western officials believe Russia is using Iranian drones to target Ukrainian infrastructure.
There are 1,245 head teachers in Wales but Reena Patel is one of only five from an ethnic minority.
Immigration minister Robert Jenrick says the people behind the violence will be "held to account".
Fatemeh Amiri lost an eye and suffered severe injuries when a bomber struck a tuition centre in Kabul.
A landlord is pinning energy bills to walls to show regulars why the cost of their pint has gone up.
Welsh students say rising bills and inflation is leading to awkward conversations with housemates.
The front pages cover on a mix of stories including claims British businesses and officials are being targeted by cyber criminals.
Elizabeth Debicki is perfect as Diana, and John Major's portrayal is a revelation, says Katie Razzall.
There are signs tackling global warming has moved down the government's agenda, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
The style and fashion of football casuals is celebrated in a new exhibition in Liverpool.
The government's reversal of the 1.25p increase in National Insurance has come into effect.
Former RAF pilot Christopher Mace says his time in the services inspired the idea.
One dead and several injured as powerful storms hit Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas
The party only has 14 MPs but hopes to make the most of hostility towards the government.
A senior Buddhist monk reveals the strength needed to follow a disciplined way of life.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Ireland underline their credentials as the world's number one side as they hold off a late South Africa fightback to take a deserved win.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland says stepping up to take the penalty that gave his side victory over Fulham was 'one of the most nervous moments' of his life.
New Zealand extend their winning sequence against Wales to 33 games with a thrilling 55-23 victory in the Autumn Nations Series opening game in Cardiff.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker, Jermaine Jenas and Danny Murphy analyse midfielder James Maddison's display in Leicester's 2-0 win over Everton.
Chantelle Cameron becomes the undisputed light-welterweight champion after a unanimous decision victory over Jessica McCaskill
England produce a "royal performance" in front of the Princess of Wales to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
Inflation is voters' top issue, but Democrats hope anger over abortion bans will boost turnout.
Millions of Ukrainians have intermittently lost electricity and water after Russian air strikes.
The PM will tell world leaders at the COP27 summit to deliver on promises to tackle global warming.
Pupils needing language support rises by 10% in post-pandemic school starters, BBC analysis finds.
It is hoped the blood could revolutionise care for people who need regular donations.
The little-known social network's user base has swelled after Elon Musk's takeover of Twitter.
A quarter of those asked in a survey had less than £100 in savings, exposing them to unexpected bills.
Rescue charities brand the actions of Italy's new right-wing government "illegal".
Rishi Sunak knew of a complaint against Sir Gavin before appointing him to cabinet, but had not seen the messages.
Most train companies will operate limited services on Monday despite strikes being called off.
This Black Friday the online marketplace is promoting used items to avoid unwanted spending and waste.
Backstreet Boys star Nick Carter blames "addiction and mental illness" for the death of his sibling.
The comedian's comeback was announced during an ad break in Sunday's I'm A Celebrity launch episode.
A landlord is pinning energy bills to walls to show regulars why the cost of their pint has gone up.
Monday's front pages focus on developments at COP27 and criticism of Matt Hancock's reality TV appearance.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Tonton Zola Moukoko gained a cult following after featuring in Championship Manager 01/02.
Liverpool's win over Tottenham must serve as a template for the rest of the season, writes BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty.
England head coach Eddie Jones does not see "really strong problems" despite a disappointing defeat by Argentina at Twickenham.
Should Gareth Southgate stick with Raheem Sterling in England's first game of the World Cup against Iran despite his poor form for Chelsea?
Who reminds Garth Crooks of Son Heung-min? Whose finishing is getting better? And who could England use in Qatar? It's the team of the week.
Kieran Trippier has to start for England in the World Cup against Iran, according to former Three Lions striker Alan Shearer.
Aston Villa fans hope Unai Emery's appointment could spark a revival after they beat Manchester United, who hope their "unacceptable" display is an off day.
Match of the Day 2's Mark Chapman, Alan Shearer and Micah Richards discuss why the versatile Magpies defender Kieran Trippier should start for England at the World Cup.
Inflation is voters' top issue, but Democrats hope anger over abortion bans will boost turnout.
Voters are not picking a new president in this election, but the outcome will be a verdict on Joe Biden.
Rishi Sunak tells the COP27 summit in Egypt a greener planet is possible and there "is room for hope".
The senior minister is already facing a probe over expletive-laden texts to the ex-chief whip.
Jake Sullivan reportedly held talks with Kremlin aides to guard against nuclear escalation in Ukraine.
The symbol will be used on personal letterheads, cards and gifts, Buckingham Palace says.
First trains will run later on many lines - as Avanti West Coast says services are limited all day.
People on low incomes who receive certain benefits will start getting their second instalment of £324.
Pembrolizumab will be offered to more women in England, to fight aggressive triple-negative tumours.
The FBI says ex-social media star Hushpuppi is one of the word's most high-profile money launderers.
Rishi Sunak says there's no "simple solution" to illegal migration, after meeting President Macron.
The cost of living is one factor behind a wave of aggression towards retail workers, a charity says.
Ex-One Direction star writes to Rishi Sunak giving his backing to a campaign for free school meals.
Funding is increasing - but costs such as pay and energy are rising fast.
All UK households are getting £400 off their winter energy bill and many on low incomes get extra help.
Warnings from the COP27 summit and meetings between Rishi Sunak and other leaders lead the papers.
Younger audiences could see the new royal drama as a history lesson and not fiction, experts warn.
Kherson, in southern Ukraine, is seen as a vital city for Ukraine to capture and for Russia to defend.
The top brass have been sharply criticised over the war by Ramzan Kadyrov and Yevgeny Prigozhin.
The group says its supporters have been arrested nearly 2,000 times since April.
Pakistan is calling on Western nations to help after floods linked to climate change left millions homeless.
Who is Sriram Krishnan, the India-born tech expert who is reportedly in Elon Musk's "inner circle"?
Progress is being made on systems to make hydrogen more economical to store and transport.
Expensive promises are being made in Egypt but budgets are being squeezed back in the UK.
Elon Musk's first week-and-a-half at Twitter has been a rollercoaster of big changes.
Cost, travel, rooms - what can supporters expect from the first World Cup in the Middle East?
A group of African Americans wants to stop the return of some Benin Bronzes to Nigeria.
Kremenchuk is among the worst-hit cities and Ukrainians say Russia's tactics only make them angrier.
Officials have called on voters to be patient as the results of the 8 November midterm are certified.
Residents described the heartache of not knowing where their family members are buried.
The prince, also joined by Declan Rice, is aiming to highlight the importance of supporting mental wellbeing.
BBC correspondents look at the areas where any cuts could fall.
Ex-Yorkshire chairman Roger Hutton says he will not take part in disciplinary proceedings over charges resulting from racism allegations at the county.
Liverpool's owners Fenway Sports Group say they "would consider new shareholders" following reports the club has been put up for sale.
Southampton are given permission to speak to Luton Town boss Nathan Jones about their managerial vacancy after sacking Ralph Hasenhuttl.
Three second-half goals give Ipswich victory over seventh-tier Bracknell Town to set up a second-round home tie against Buxton in the FA Cup.
Great Britain's 'underdogs' are drawing on past success - and coffee and humour - to inspire them at the Billie Jean King Cup Finals in Glasgow.
The Fenix Trophy - a continental prize for semi-professional and amateur clubs - is taking European football in a new direction.
Wales keep their Wheelchair Rugby League World Cup hopes alive by beating debutants USA 50-32.
The final polls are out - who will win power and what will they do with it?
As America prepares to go to the polls, we take you through how the drama might unfold on the night
Most of the millions of Americans voting this week are pessimistic about the future. Some explain why.
How to stay in touch with live election results on TV, radio, online, and on social media.
Democrats have faltered in their messaging on the economy, while Republicans have hammered them.
The BBC's Marianna Spring investigates what voters are being recommended online at a turbulent time for US politics.
The US holds midterm elections on 8 November, but who's in the running and what could the results mean?
If Don Bolduc snatches the New Hampshire Senate seat off Democrats, their strategy will be questioned.
This year's climate summit comes amid spiralling energy costs and diplomatic tensions.
Small changes to our lifestyles and choices could limit our personal carbon footprint.
World temperatures are rising because of human activity, threatening every aspect of human life.
A year on from COP26 in Glasgow what progress is Scotland making on its climate change targets?
With COP27 about to get under way, which nations have taken a lead and which have fallen behind since the last UN climate summit?
Sir Gavin is facing investigations into his conduct, but the MP insists he will clear his name.
A Qatar World Cup ambassador calling homosexuality "damage in the mind" is "harmful and unacceptable", says Human Rights Watch.
The former health secretary tells viewers they will see the "human side of the guy behind the podium".
With union expected to announce vote in favour of a UK walkout, what is the dispute about?
Former Sussex Police detective Dominic O'Brien is jailed for sexually assaulting a 16-year-old.
Households with energy smart meters who get into debt are being remotely switched on to prepayment meters.
Footballer Benjamin Mendy told a woman her boyfriend would be "OK" if they had sex, his trial hears.
Rising prices affect parents' shopping habits as sales of Christmas toys are forecast to be hit.
Giving up means "consigning us to a watery grave" Bahamas PM tells UN climate summit COP27.
The number of suspects charged for burglaries has halved in seven years, BBC analysis shows.
Princess Märtha Louise and her fiancé, shaman Durek Verrett, have attracted criticism in Norway.
The cast arrive for the London premiere, the night before the show is released on Netflix.
ExxonMobil says it is using its flares, which have been spotted by people from miles away.
The ex-president says Florida's governor would be making a mistake by challenging him for the Republican nomination.
How to stay in touch with live election results on TV, radio, online, and on social media.
As America prepares to go to the polls, we take you through how the drama might unfold on the night
The Democrats currently control all three branches of government, but that could change after the US midterms.
Tens of millions of Americans have voted and counting starts soon. Who will win power and what will they do with it?
Officials have called on voters to be patient as the results of the 8 November midterm are certified.
All UK households are getting £400 off their winter energy bill and many on low incomes get extra help.
Gavin Williamson's resignation over bullying claims and Matt Hancock's I'm A Celeb debut lead the papers.
National rail strikes have been cancelled but there has still been disruption.
The group says its supporters have been arrested nearly 2,000 times since April.
One of the world's biggest football clubs is at the centre of takeover speculation, with a deal potentially fetching £4billion.
Scientists say climate change is making more than half of all infectious diseases worse, here's why.
Carry On Star, whose lecherous comic performances overshadowed his ability as a classical actor, dies at 98.
Qatar has been criticised for its same-sex relationships ban and its treatment of migrant workers.
Staff who've been in the NHS for a short time say they have seen enough to know change is needed.
The Supreme Court cleared three men of gang rape and murder in a case that made headlines in 2012.
The cost of living is one factor behind a wave of aggression towards retail workers, a charity says.
Sarah McMullan was admitted to A&E with sepsis weeks after she helped highlight the deadly condition.
Two Edinburgh hairdressers are taking steps to try to help people who dread going to a salon.
At COP27, Pakistan calls for help after floods linked to climate change left millions homeless.
Sarah Barry, whose son Jack was stabbed to death, says she never knew he also carried a knife.
Gary O'Neil's Bournemouth cruise to victory over Everton in a meeting of much-changed Premier League sides in the Carabao Cup.
Brentford suffer a shock Carabao Cup exit as League Two Gillingham edge penalty shootout 6-5 to reach the fourth round.
Great Britain's uphill task at the Billie Jean King Cup Finals becomes even harder after they lose their opening tie against Kazakhstan in Glasgow.
The Gulf state has been criticised for its stance on same-sex relationships, human rights record and treatment of migrant workers.
England's players will "100%" trust the security advice around travelling to Pakistan for next month's Test series, says captain Ben Stokes.
Prop Bryony Cleall says she felt she had let her "nearest and dearest" down when she did not make the England World Cup squad.
Watch the best shots as Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina of Kazakhstan beats Great Britain's Harriet Dart at the Billie Jean King Cup Finals in Glasgow.
Russia is retreating from Kherson, the only regional capital it captured during the invasion.
The city's residents feel mounting dread, wondering what the occupiers will do as they leave.
Walkout by Royal College of Nursing members in more than half of services expected by end of year.
The PM says he was not aware of "specific concerns" about Sir Gavin's conduct in previous roles.
Customers are told they may not be offered refunds as thousands of orders are cancelled.
The Irish rock group described Roberts as "the guy who summed up the sense of who The Rats are".
Cries of "this country was built on the blood of slaves" were heard during the incident in York.
Robert Page names his 26-man squad for Wales' first World Cup in 64 years, with midfielder Joe Allen included despite being a major injury doubt.
Simon Lingard died after his unit was attacked amid the conflict, his family confirm.
Joseph Chahayed will continue to work in his California shop despite the windfall from the $2bn ticket.
The singer says his mother was in hospital during the pandemic, and he thought she was going to die.
The actress says she had tried unsuccessfully to get pregnant and that "the ship has sailed".
Ionut-Valentin Boboc and Jacob-Bebe Chers are accused of a double murder in Bristol in 2021.
Votes are still being counted across the US but here are some key takeaways.
The former president's political brand is now being questioned by those who used to support him.
Analysis of key races, issues and exit poll findings in the US midterm elections.
Four states have voted on abortion rights - an issue close to the top of voters' priorities.
As candidates fought for election, our reporters were across the US to gauge the voters' mood.
The moments you may have missed from around the US as ballots are counted and victors emerge.
The ex-president says Florida's governor would be wrong to challenge him for the Republican nomination.
Several false and unsubstantiated rumours have circulated online during the US midterm elections.
The 25-year-old campaigned on gun violence, climate change and expanded healthcare - galvanising young voters.
Millions of voters across the US are watching the results, feeling a myriad of emotions.
These candidates have enormous power, as many aspects of American life are decided at the state level.
Votes are still being counted, but Republicans are currently favoured to win the House of Representatives.
Officials have called on voters to be patient as the results of the 8 November midterm are certified.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
Home energy assessors find "performance gaps" in some homes - as COP27 focuses on cutting emissions.
The first ever national walkout by nurses and the results of the US midterms lead the papers.
Record rainfall in a country used to sun is making many people low and anxious.
Get up to speed with everything you need to know this election season.
Staff who've been in the NHS for a short time say they have seen enough to know change is needed.
Rishi Sunak clashes with Sir Keir Starmer at PMQs over Sir Gavin Williamson's resignation.
The veteran election night commentator co-invented the swingometer and pioneered exit polls.
Valeriya says she is thankful her host gave her family the chance to live independently in the UK.
Demonstrators in Amsterdam stopped private jets taking off ahead of the UN Climate Change Conference.
Kitty Baxter was evacuated on the first day of the war.
The discovery of 24 statues thought to be around 2,300 years old may "rewrite history", an expert says.
Police say they are seizing 3D printed weapons in greater numbers in the UK.
National rail strikes have been cancelled but there has still been disruption.
Watch Christian Fraser talk to journalists in the BBC's Washington DC newsroom on election night.
Harry Kane was replaced after an hour of Tottenham's EFL Cup defeat to Nottingham Forest as he was tired, says Antonio Conte.
Caoimhin Kelleher saves three spot-kicks as EFL Cup holders Liverpool need a penalty shootout to beat League One Derby County at Anfield.
Former India captain Virat Kohli is going under the radar but his record in Adelaide shows England should fear him as much as ever.
Championship side Blackburn Rovers reach the last 16 of the EFL Cup as they beat West Ham 10-9 in an epic shootout.
Holly Aitchison and Emily Scarratt will form England's centre partnership for the first time at this World Cup in Saturday's final against hosts and holders New Zealand.
Watch highlights as Leah Burke stars, scoring a hat-trick of tries, to help England beat Papua New Guinea 42-4, maintaining their 100% record so far in the Rugby League World Cup.
Premier League leaders Arsenal are knocked out of the EFL Cup as Brighton gain a shock away victory.
India wants to embrace an environment-friendly lifestyle to fight climate change - but what about its economy?
The former chancellor says he told the then PM to "slow down" after September's ill-fated mini-budget.
Kyiv reports rapid advances of seven kilometres after Moscow said it would leave the key city.
"I learnt not to believe a word the Russians say," one resident tells the BBC's Jeremy Bowen.
Anti-terrorist officials take over the inquiry after two officers are attacked near a railway station.
The Grenfell Tower fire public inquiry comes to an end as who is to blame will now be decided.
The Federal Trade Commission says developments at Twitter could risk it violating regulatory orders.
An I'm a Celebrity campmate challenges the MP about his behaviour which led to his resignation.
Royal College of Nursing want a 17% pay increase and voted to take strike action across the UK.
The new order means the Infowars host has to pay $1.44bn after branding the school shooting a hoax.
More than a million people in the UK watched the new series on its first day of release, Barb says.
James Maddison, Marcus Rashford and Callum Wilson are included in England's 26-man Fifa World Cup squad for Qatar.
A Labour government would ease planning rules for new onshore wind farms, Sir Kier Starmer says.
The Britain's Got Talent judge apologises for making "disrespectful comments" about two hopefuls.
A growing number of older renters are struggling as rents rise and the cost of living increases.
Home energy assessors find "performance gaps" in some homes - as COP27 focuses on cutting emissions.
An interview with ex-chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng and leaked remarks from TV's David Walliams lead the papers.
John Lewis says the cost-of-living crisis was "front of mind" as it joins other big brands launching festive campaigns.
Three of the last generation of World War Two veterans share recollections of the deadliest war in history.
BBC analysis shows delays have doubled in past four years with experts warning lives are at risk.
Control of Congress remains in the balance as the final results of the 2022 midterms trickle in.
Some fellow I'm A Celebrity stars appeared uncomfortable with the ex-health secretary being in the jungle.
Nurses have voted to strike. How much do they earn at the moment?
Letitia Wright, Danai Gurira and Lupita Nyong’o talk emotions and filming the Black Panther sequel.
Nitnem Gutkas are issued by the UK Defence Sikh Network at a ceremony in London.
Migrant communities around the world lift trade between their new and former countries.
The studio behind God of War: Ragnarok on its hopes for more accessible blockbuster games in future.
The LA pop trio were dropped by their record label, then one of their biggest fans stepped in.
Great Britain pull off a huge upset to reach the Billie Jean King Cup semi-finals for the first time in 41 years.
Manchester United reach the Carabao Cup fourth round with an entertaining victory over Aston Villa at Old Trafford.
Why England's victory over India ranks among their greatest white-ball wins and spoils the India-Pakistan finale the rest of the world was waiting for.
Manchester City will host holders Liverpool in the fourth round of the Carabao Cup, plus full draw.
Brazil have won football's biggest prize a record five times but still harbour their own stories of World Cup hurt.
A blistering partnership between openers Jos Buttler and Alex Hales secures a sensational 10-wicket demolition of India and sends England into the Men's T20 World Cup final.
Data shared exclusively with the BBC show large numbers of oil and gas lobbyists attending COP27.
Antonio Guterres apologises after being given a speech intended for an event for young people at COP27.
Indigenous people warn of risks to the Okavango Delta, and an ex-bishop calls on COP to take action.
Economic concerns and Joe Biden's disapproval rating failed to deliver the results that Republicans hoped for.
Colorado representative Lauren Boebert was adored by the Republican base - but is now fighting for her political life.
The measure failed after its sponsor withdrew support, saying that it could actually encourage slavery.
An official says Ukraine's troops are "almost fully in control" after Russia completed its retreat.
Moscow's pullback from Kherson caps a stunning three-month change of fortune for the Ukrainians.
It comes after the Bank of England warned the UK is facing a two-year financial slump.
The US president also defends his country's climate leadership at the UN summit COP27.
David Smith pleads guilty to collecting intelligence and leaking secret documents while in Berlin.
Fans packed into an Atlanta stadium in a "celebration of life" ceremony for the 28-year-old musician.
The former health secretary was being grilled by campmates about his actions during the pandemic.
The former home secretary signed a restriction preventing their disclosure "without consultation".
Sam Bankman-Fried also stepped down as chief executive, capping a tumultuous week for the firm.
A number of executives walked out after a turbulent launch of new Twitter features.
Two councils fail to block asylum seekers being relocated to large hotels in their areas.
Royal honours for arts and sciences are announced, with four of six new members from ethnic minorities.
Conroy voiced Batman in animated TV shows, feature films and video games for nearly 30 years.
The makers of smart thermostats says the devices can cut energy bills but the evidence is not conclusive.
The charity says the cost-of-living crisis is putting more young people at risk of having no home.
A mother-of-two who relies on a food bank to feed her family says she feels guilty asking for help.
Matt Hancock's Covid grilling on I'm a Celebrity and civil servants avoiding the justice secretary are among Saturday's front page stories.
Who, when, where - everything you need to know about Saturday's Rugby World Cup final between New Zealand and England.
Fans have tracked his progress for 25 years - now the anime hero has won the Pokemon World Championship.
There are question marks over some high-profile legislation, including on online safety and renters' reform.
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg on the mood in Russia following its army's withdrawal from Kherson.
Marjorie Rigby, 102, did not know what happened to her stillborn daughter.
Parts of the UK experienced the warmest November night on record, but what's behind the mild weather?
Substitute Jess Park scores on her England debut as they comfortably beat Japan in a friendly in Spain.
Kevin Magnussen causes a sensation at the Sao Paulo Grand Prix by qualifying his Haas car on pole position for Saturday's sprint race.
The inside story of England's recovery at the T20 World Cup in Australia which has led to a place in Sunday's final against Pakistan.
From rejuvenated stars to dynamic wingers, BBC Sport looks at why optimism is growing about England's Rugby League World Cup hopes.
Watch highlights as defending champions Australia earn a hard-fought 16-14 win over New Zealand to reach their 15th consecutive Rugby League World Cup final.
Britain's Jack Draper loses in four sets to the USA's Brandon Nakashima in final four of Next Gen ATP Tour Finals.
The UK hosted a major global climate summit in 2021, but is it on track to meet its own commitments?
The TV anchor turned Trump-backed candidate is good at delivering a message. But does she believe in it?
Three days after the US voted, most of America is ready to switch off from politics. That's not an option in Georgia.
Local elections were also held across the country on Tuesday, some with unusual tiebreaker methods.
Analysis of key races, issues and exit poll findings in the US midterm elections.
Jeremy Hunt will reveal on Thursday how he will plug an estimated £55bn gap between revenue and spending.
Jubilant scenes are continuing after Ukraine took back the city of Kherson from Russia.
This year's event was particularly poignant for the royals, as it also paid tribute to Queen Elizabeth II.
More than 100 migrants came ashore on Saturday, say eyewitnesses, meaning the 40,000 mark is surpassed.
Mehran Karimi Nasseri, who inspired a Hollywood film, died in Charles de Gaulle airport on Saturday.
Footage shows the two planes colliding at a commemorative air show near Dallas in Texas.
Extra dates are being added to his comeback tour, with some resale sites pricing tickets at £1,100.
The guitarist left before the punk pioneers found fame but went on to join Public Image Limited.
Unified champion Natasha Jonas outclasses Marie-Eve Dicaire in Manchester to add the IBF title to her WBC and WBO light-middleweight belts.
A newspaper reports allegations Dominic Raab mistreated staff during a past stint as justice secretary.
The monarch will use part of his private income to fund the single payment on top of his staffs' salaries.
Arsenal move five points clear at the top of the Premier League as Martin Odegaard's second-half double proves enough to beat Wolves at Molineux.
BBC correspondents share what could come up in the economic plan and what it could mean for you.
The UK could be set for its longest recession since records began, the Bank of England has warned.
All UK households are getting £400 off their winter energy bill and many on low incomes get extra help.
The impact of the "disastrous" mini-budget and the spending cut plus tax rises plans to fix it lead the Sunday papers.
How the BBC uncovered gas flaring in an Iraqi oil field, where locals are showing a high rate of cancer.
The star says she did not get the recognition she deserved in the 1970s due to music industry sexism.
Blue tick accounts impersonating major brands, politicians and celebrities have appeared on the platform.
Google engineer develops technology to help identify Holocaust victims in archive photos.
Experts are using diggers and a purpose-built scanner to remove radioactive particles from the Fife coastline.
The African migrants living in squalor and picking produce for gangmasters in Italy.
A local project is undertaking work to dignify the ceremonies of those who die alone.
Suspect Rajwinder Singh, who fled Australia four years ago, is now believed to be in India.
Florida used to be a swing state but no longer. Led by its governor, victory was comprehensive. How?
George Russell catches and passes Max Verstappen to take Mercedes' first win of 2022 in a thrilling sprint race at the Sao Paulo Grand Prix.
England captain Jos Buttler says he has been dreaming about lifting the T20 World Cup trophy before Sunday's final against Pakistan in Melbourne.
Another Rugby League World Cup, another gut-wrenching failure for England - but where did it all go wrong for Shaun Wane's side?
Despite defeat by New Zealand, England can take pride after featuring in a game-changing Rugby World Cup final.
Match of the Day's Alan Shearer tells fellow pundit Ian Wright and Gary Lineker how a "magnificent" Brentford outperformed Manchester City during their dramatic 2-1 win.
England coach Eddie Jones says New Zealand are vulnerable as he prepares to face the three-time world champions for the first time since 2019
Pakistan batter Shan Masood has lived, been educated and played in England. On Sunday he will try to end their T20 World Cup dream.
Three of the last generation of World War Two veterans share recollections of the deadliest war in history.
As a teenager in Jamaica, Neil Flanigan joined the Armed Forces after seeing an advert in a paper.
The veteran served at ever major Allied landing: North Africa, Italy, Normandy.
Marie’s job on D-Day was to pass messages from the troops on the beaches to the leaders.
The BBC is looking to gather first-hand accounts of World War Two. Please get in touch.
The BBC's analysis editor looks at whether the UN's target to limit global warming can still be reached.
Changes to our planet's shine is just one of the stranger side effects of rising temperatures.
Host and Indonesian president Joko Widodo wants to play dealmaker at the G20. Can he pull it off?
The home secretary will finalise a deal with the French to try to curb Channel crossings in small boats.
The chancellor also tells the BBC he wants to make sure any recession is as short and shallow as possible.
Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell get heat from colleagues after the Democrats keep control of the Senate.
The blast happened in a busy shopping area in the heart of the Turkish city.
Thousands of veterans march past the Cenotaph in a ceremony to remember the nation's war dead.
Ukraine moves quickly to maintain order in Kherson, facing Russian troops across the Dnipro river.
The hosts of the podcast, downloaded more than 430m times, hint there's something else to come.
Judge Shirley Ballas says the sportsman has become one of the nation's favourite entertainers.
Investigations will begin after a construction worker died at the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station site.
Gwent Police is investigated after "abhorrent" messages between serving and retired officers emerged.
Manchester United snatch a dramatic winner through Alejandro Garnacho as they beat Fulham in a thrilling final Premier League match before the World Cup.
George Russell takes a maiden grand prix victory - and a first for Mercedes in 2022 - as Max Verstappen was penalised for a collision with Lewis Hamilton in Sao Paulo.
A woman is in a stable condition in hospital after being injured in a Manchester hotel, police say.
A pet owner tells of his struggle to afford to keep his cats well fed.
Homeowners are worried about rising mortgage costs - but lenders must help those struggling.
The UK could be set for its longest recession since records began, the Bank of England has warned.
Government plans to hike taxes while cutting spending and problems facing the health service lead the front pages.
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen reports from the city newly liberated from Russian control.
In becoming double world champions by winning the 2022 T20 World Cup, England have secured their legacy as an all-time great side.
Why have some people never had Covid and can that lead to better vaccines?
The UK's singles chart turns 70 this week - but the countdown has not always gone smoothly.
BBC Analysis Editor Ros Atkins looks at the years of corruption allegations around Fifa awarding the 2022 World Cup to Qatar.
Brian Hough was only 18 when he fought in the Korean War but 70 years on he's trying to keep the memory of fallen soldiers alive.
As the wildlife frontline becomes more dangerous, southern African nations want an end to the ivory ban.
Swiss migrant workers' children want an apology for a policy they say tore whole families apart.
Reg and Huguette reunite almost 80 years after a brief encounter when they shared a jam sandwich.
Mahendran and Deepa tied the knot at the Institute of Mental Health in Chennai city last month.
Cristiano Ronaldo says he feels "betrayed" by Manchester United and that he is being forced out of the club.
As the Premier League takes its World Cup break, BBC Sport looks at the state of play and who could come out flying on Boxing Day.
Neil Robertson and John Higgins are beaten on another day of shocks in the UK Championship first round.
Watch highlights as Ben Stokes, Sam Curran and Adil Rashid star in helping England claim their second T20 World Cup title with a five-wicket victory over Pakistan in the final.
Scotland fail to end a 117-year wait for a first ever win against New Zealand as the beleaguered All Blacks fight back to win a thriller at Murrayfield.
England centre Tara-Jane Stanley says they are no longer starstruck by facing the southern hemisphere giants at the Rugby League World Cup.
The UK will pay France £8m more a year to increase patrols, with greater co-operation also promised.
The leaders of the US and China strike a conciliatory tone in their first in-person talks for years.
Unions to meet Health Secretary Steve Barclay as NHS managers warn strikes will be damaging to patients.
The world is still growing, but not as fast as when the six- and seven-billionth babies were born.
The ex-first lady tells the BBC about her negative thoughts about her appearance and "fearful mind".
The King requests extra stand-ins, as Prince Andrew and Prince Harry are no longer working royals.
Mr Cleverly says LGBT fans travelling to the Middle Eastern nation should respect its laws.
Ukraine tells UN climate summit it will use evidence of environmental crimes to sue Russia.
George Eustice helped negotiate the free trade agreement with Australia while environment secretary.
The TV host, 72, is stable and receiving treatment being injured in a fire at his California garage.
The Grammy-winning musician, 85, is known for hits such as "Killing Me Softly with His Song".
A friend of Grand Theft Auto creators the Houser brothers says Hollywood wasted its one chance.
Samuel from Bristol struggles to feed and bathe his two young sons amid the cost of living crisis.
With the UK facing a cost-of-living crisis the government is set to unveil tax and spending plans.
Six-year-old Cohen survives off the machines in his home and his mum's energy bills could rise to more than £3,000 a year.
A mother-of-three says she can't see any option than selling her house due to mortgage rates rising.
Tuesday's front pages speculate on the government's spending plans ahead of Thursday's Autumn Statement.
The BBC's Stephanie Hegarty explains the past, present and future of global population.
Young campaigners say they are calling out "greenwashing" at COP27 from the inside.
Dahir's brother died of hunger. Now two of his sisters are fighting sickness and malnutrition in Somalia.
Since Russia's retreat from the region memes of the fruit have been widely shared online.
After saying that he feels betrayed by Manchester United, what comes next for Cristiano Ronaldo?
Josh Pesticcio, 24, says he was "brutally attacked" by club doorman on the Spanish island of Majorca.
The mum of an 18-year-old backs new findings which suggests on-site drug testing makes events safer.
Russian activist Vladimir Kara-Murza, charged with treason, writes to the BBC from his jail cell.
A bigger rebate under the Warm Home Discount begins but concerns remain some are missing out.
With the World Cup set to begin in Qatar, BBC sports editor Dan Roan looks at why the tournament is so controversial.
Locals are returning to Istiklal Street, the busy thoroughfare where six were killed on Sunday.
New research shows the BBC may have launched in London but Manchester played a big role in many early shows.
As world leaders prepare to meet for the G20 summit in Bali, what is likely to be on the agenda?
The young authors connecting with their followers via weekly digital updates.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt's key message this week will be about restoring stability and controlling price rises.
Government plans to hike taxes while cutting spending and problems facing the health service lead the front pages.
Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo says the club's owners, the Glazer family, "don't care about the club" on the sporting side.
England's women's players need to turn professional if they are to close the gap on New Zealand and Australia, says departing head coach Craig Richards.
Scotland survive a stunning reply from Deyna Castellanos to beat Venezuela in their first full international since their World Cup play-off defeat.
England all-rounder Sam Curran could become "one of the white-ball greats", according to coach Matthew Mott.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he feels 'unbreakable' after beating Wales' Matthew Stevens 6-2 in the first-round of the UK Championship in York.
Watch highlights as England's hopes of reaching a first Women's Rugby League World Cup were dashed by a 20-6 loss to a powerful New Zealand team in York.
Match of the Day 2's Jermaine Jenas and Jermain Defoe discuss Cristiano Ronaldo's future at Manchester United after he said in an interview he felt "betrayed" by the club.
Kyiv and other cities are targeted, days after Russia's damaging withdrawal from Kherson.
They are able to visit their homes and see relatives for the first time since the Russian invasion began.
The prime minister will call for a "frank and constructive relationship" between the UK and China.
A coroner ruled that two-year-old Awaab Ishak died after exposure to mould in his Rochdale flat.
Beyoncé is now tied with her husband Jay-Z as the most-nominated artist in Grammy Award history.
Experts in women's sport are highlighting that most kit and technology is designed for the male body.
NHS bosses hope more cancer cases will be spotted early, improving survival rates.
The Republican congressman is on track to replace Nancy Pelosi as Speaker of the House.
Parliament's standards chief Kathryn Stone says she cannot investigate as the MP did not break any rules.
The cosmetics giant will purchase the designer fashion brand for £2.4bn.
Customers who do not receive furniture orders by 25 November should submit a claim for a refund.
Watch as Kenyan journalist Alvin Kaunda's reporting is interrupted by an inquisitive trunk.
With the UK facing a cost-of-living crisis the government is set to unveil tax and spending plans.
Samuel from Bristol struggles to feed and bathe his two young sons amid the cost of living crisis.
BBC correspondents share what could come up in the economic plan and what it could mean for you.
The cost of living is increasing at its fastest rate in 40 years, due to rising food and energy prices.
After migrants working on Qatar's infrastructure have died in final months before the World Cup.
Trump-backed election deniers who wanted to influence the rules of future votes were mostly defeated.
The rapper wants to promote his peers and predecessors, to combat prejudice in the music industry.
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville is with more than a dozen doctors and nurses who work and live together under fire.
Experts have complained for decades that millions are living in sub-standard or dangerous accommodation.
The RRS Sir David Attenborough is poised to return to Antarctica later this month.
A play based on transcripts from the case will not belittle the two women involved, its writer says.
Watch the BBC's Stephanie Hegarty explain the past, present and future of global population.
The G20 is expected to unveil a climate deal to speed up Indonesia's transition to clean energy.
The cargo salvage industry has a key role in global trade by dealing with unwanted containers.
An Indian court grants bail to Jacqueline Fernandez who is being investigated in a case of money laundering.
European champions England complete their historic 2022 unbeaten following a 1-1 friendly draw with Norway in Murcia.
Sarah McFadden scores a famous winner as Northern Ireland round out a historic 2022 with a 1-0 win over Italy at Seaview.
The England squad has arrived in Qatar for the Fifa World Cup ready to test themselves at the 'pinnacle of world football'
The RFL confirm England head coach Craig Richards has left his role following his side's 20-6 Women's World Cup semi-final defeat by New Zealand on Monday.
Before the 2022 World Cup, BBC Sport relives 10 goals that tell the story of the 2002 tournament - featuring memorable strikes from David Beckham, Ronaldo and Michael Ballack.
WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says he "needs" to fight fellow Briton Anthony Joshua before he retires.
A climate-change resistant Red Sea reef is being flooded with toxic wastewater, leaked documents show.
Women barely feature in negotiations in Egypt despite bearing the brunt of climate change.
Pensions and benefits will rise with prices but energy support is expected to be scaled back, the BBC understands.
Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg tells the BBC Ukraine's air defences probably caused Tuesday's deadly blast.
Republicans secure 218 seats to control the House, though a few races are still to be called.
The trial over the deaths of 298 people on board a jet shot down over Ukraine is finally ending.
Inflation and lack of beds and staff could halt bid to cut long waits, National Audit Office says.
The UK government says Nexperia's takeover of Newport Wafer Fab creates national security risks.
China's president was filmed rebuking his Canadian counterpart over alleged leaks of their meeting.
Rishi Sunak has agreed to launch an investigation into complaints about the deputy PM's conduct.
Elon Musk says workers at the social media firm must be "hardcore" if they want to stay, reports say.
There has been criticism of the former health secretary's participation in ITV's I'm A Celebrity.
An animated video of a meteor shower shared by Mary McIntyre was banned by Twitter's automated tools.
The Prince of Wales says he'll be supporting both England and Wales in this year's competition in Qatar.
Ahead of the Autumn Statement, what do the 2010 austerity cuts tell us about who was worst affected?
As young people are hit by the rising cost of living, how are they coping?
With the UK facing a cost-of-living crisis the government is set to unveil tax and spending plans.
The cost of living is increasing at its fastest rate in 40 years, due to rising food and energy prices.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Most papers focus on Chancellor Jeremy Hunt's spending plans in the Autumn Statement, where he is expected to set out "difficult decisions".
Survivors recall the harrowing loss of loved ones in a deadly migrant boat disaster off Lebanon.
As more people turn to non-dairy alternatives, vegan 'cheese' sales are taking off around the world.
A secret memo, unearthed by diplomats, exposes how ruthlessly the press baron can dispose of allies.
Last night, a missile landed in Poland, killing two people - the BBC's open source investigations team has been searching for clues.
A tide of plastic debris from all over the world has washed up on Ascension Island, says researchers.
James Landale on what different responses to the missile deaths in Poland say about Nato.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and several other celebrities shared the claim on social media this week.
Relatives of migrants working on building projects say safety failures led to their deaths.
Almost nine months after Putin unleashed war on Ukraine, Russian forces have suffered repeated setbacks.
Exposure to mould can cause respiratory illnesses, allergies and asthma, and can sometimes be fatal.
The BBC spoke to former Trump voters and asked whether or not he still has their support.
Young people ask their parents what happened 50 years ago when Asians were expelled from Uganda.
Some teachers have already voted in favour of strike action over demands for higher pay.
Cristiano Ronaldo says he was close to joining Manchester City before following his "heart" by re-joining Manchester United.
Jos Buttler says England's "competitive juices will get going" despite starting a series in Australia only four days after winning the T20 World Cup.
As anti-government protests continue to rage in Iran, the country's football team will soon have a global stage for their voice.
Ronnie O'Sullivan dismisses Shaun Murphy's criticism of his attitude towards snooker, saying it is "water off my back".
Watch Kyren Wilson's "unbelievable" pot during his second-round match against Mark Allen at the UK Snooker Championship.
Scorching heat, lack of shade, £12.50 pints and huge screens - this is what it's like inside a World Cup fan park in Qatar.
Head coach Steve Clarke says "some things worked and some things didn't" after Scotland fell to a disappointing 2-1 friendly defeat in Turkey.
The Brazilian president-elect attracts huge emotional crowds at COP27 but faces opposition at home.
A climate-change resistant Red Sea reef is being flooded with toxic wastewater, leaked documents show.
The chancellor admits times are difficult as he defends tax rises in his Autumn Statement.
Help has been extended, but it's now less generous, meaning a typical household will pay more.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt insists tax rises and spending curbs will save the UK from a deep recession.
Motoring groups, including the AA, warned the move would reduce the incentive to switch to electric vehicles.
It is the first drug to be approved that delays the onset of the condition.
Those in the south and west will have the best chance of catching a glimpse, with clearer skies forecast.
The 82-year-old has led the party in the lower chamber of Congress for almost two decades.
At least 10 children have died in a building in the Jabalia refugee camp - the biggest in Gaza.
At least seven are killed in a new Russian missile barrage, days after an even bigger bombardment.
The media tycoon paid for flights and accommodation for the former PM to visit Montana last month.
The Met Office warns there could be a danger to life in parts of eastern Scotland on Friday.
Industrial action is scheduled for six days in December, including Christmas Eve.
Gareth Swarbrick has rejected calls to quit his £185,000 job after the toddler's death.
Jason Manford, Mel Giedroyc, Alex Scott, Ade Adepitan and Chris Ramsey will host the charity show.
Jeremy Hunt has delivered the Autumn Statement in the House of Commons. Here's what you need to know.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt's statement is full of policies that will affect your finances in the coming years.
The chancellor's Autumn Statement sets the scene for the next general election, writes Nick Eardley.
Our correspondents analyse what impact additional funding might have in three key areas.
The government has announced changes to tax rules, meaning millions of people will pay more.
The government has extended the windfall tax on oil and gas companies.
In his Autumn Statement, the chancellor says his plan seeks to tackle the cost of living crisis.
The chancellor says he wants the NHS to join all public services in tackling waste and inefficiency.
The chancellor has made a host of big announcements - what's it all about?
BBC correspondents on how the new economic plan will affect your household budget.
The government has confirmed that the state pension will increase by inflation from April 2023.
The energy bill support package will continue after April, but will be less generous.
The cost of living is increasing at its fastest rate in 40 years, due to rising food and energy prices.
Friday's front pages react to Chancellor Jeremy Hunt's Autumn Statement, as forecasters predict the biggest drop in living standards.
The Radio 2 DJ has taken part in a 24-hour treadmill challenge to raise money for BBC Children In Need.
The chancellor claims the downturn will be shallower than it otherwise would have been.
The US basketball player is being held in a remote jail 500km (310 miles) south-east of Moscow.
The Democrat has played a critical role in advancing - or thwarting - the agendas of presidents.
Tickets to see Taylor Swift live in concert sold so swiftly the general public never even had a chance to buy.
Survivors recall being forced at gunpoint onto a migrants boat which sank, killing over 100.
A sit-down interview with TalkTV where the forward hit out at the club has been slammed by fans.
South Korean families are asking how far the blame should extend for the deadly Halloween crush.
What the opinion polls show about the scale of the challenge now facing the government.
The BBC speaks to people held by Russians in Kherson, as reports of atrocities emerge from the city.
Senegal forward Sadio Mane is ruled out of the World Cup and has surgery on a knee injury he sustained playing for Bayern Munich.
Max Verstappen says the reaction to his role in the Red Bull team orders controversy in Brazil has been "unacceptable" and "disgusting".
England defender Conor Coady does not think it is "too much" to expect the side's players to speak about non-football issues.
Watch 10 goals that defined the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, including Siphiwe Tshabalala's tournament opener, Giovanni van Bronckhorst's screamer and Andres Iniesta's winner in the final.
Owen Farrell has always had doubters and detractors but, as he closes in on his 100th England cap, his team-mates, past and present, are not among them.
Brentford striker Ivan Toney was not selected for England's World Cup squad on "footballing grounds", says the Football Association chief executive Mark Bullingham.
Female competitors at Wimbledon will be allowed to wear dark-coloured undershorts from next year to "relieve anxiety" of playing on their period.
The best teams not to win the World Cup are ranked by Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Micah Richards in the latest Match of the Day Top 10 podcast.
Think you know your World Cup players? Well now you can prove it by taking our picture quiz every day.
BBC Sport provides a day-by-day guide to who is playing when and where you can watch the match in the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
BBC Sport looks at the previous top goalscorers in football's biggest tournament and examines who might top the charts in Qatar.
Raneem Oudeh made repeated calls to police in the months leading up to her and her mother's deaths.
Jordan McSweeney had followed a number of women on the night he attacked the law graduate.
Labour says it will use the same analysis of the public finances as the Conservatives to set future policy.
Holmes, 38, who is pregnant, tearfully told the court she felt "deep pain" for victims of the start-up.
The 18-year-old Coronation Street actress will play Ruby Sunday in the long-running sci-fi drama.
Video has emerged that Russia says shows the killing of their surrendering troops in eastern Ukraine.
The PM says the case of Olivia Pratt-Korbel "brought home" to him the importance of street safety.
Sepa says there will be a residual impact of Friday's weather as river levels peak on Saturday.
Pupils were "sanctioned" for the "totally unacceptable" behaviour, Eton College says.
James Cleverly will reaffirm the UK's commitment to stopping Iran from producing nuclear weapons.
The charity show's hosts are Jason Manford, Mel Giedroyc, Alex Scott, Ade Adepitan and Chris Ramsey.
The US pop star says she had been told Ticketmaster could handle demand, despite the chaos this week.
The graffiti artist called on shoplifters to visit a London branch of Guess in retaliation.
The minimum wage for over-23s is going up 9.7% in April of next year.
Patients with kidney disease are struggling to keep warm and pay for their dialysis, a charity says.
Messaging apps have become a popular way to reach people who are struggling with the cost of food.
Use this form to send us your questions about food, budgeting and cooking.
BBC correspondents on how the new economic plan will affect your household budget.
Saturday's front pages cover the last-minute decision to stop alcohol being sold at World Cup stadiums.
As Sweden says the gas lines were blown up deliberately, our Europe editor reports from the scene.
A development company plans to erect a giant screen to show news, travel and advertisements.
The BBC's technology editor looks at claims that Twitter may be heading for calamity.
Both men say they have had encounters where people assume they are 'the other' Brian Cox
Who will win, who might spring a surprise and how will England and Wales do? BBC pundits predict what will happen at the 2022 World Cup.
Frankie Corio, 12, stars alongside Normal People star Paul Mescal in the new big screen release.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Young men in Lebanon are joining the Islamic State group in a desperate bid to escape poverty.
The wife of a Chinese lawyer detained as a dissident describes her heart-rending decision to flee to the US.
BBC Newsbeat hears from an LGBT football fan, who has fled from a neighbouring Middle Eastern country.
Artur and Denys bring dignity to victims of the war - both friend and foe.
More than two million people say they have symptoms of long Covid. How are they being treated?
Nija Charles is one of the first people ever to be nominated in a new Grammy songwriting category.
Rasoul says his young family was forced at gunpoint on to an overcrowded boat across the Channel.
Tickets to see Taylor Swift live in concert sold so swiftly the general public never even had a chance to buy.
Captain Tom Halliwell scores a late try to secure Wheelchair Rugby League World Cup success for England.
Gary Lineker says he is in Qatar to "report, not support" the World Cup and will discuss the issues surrounding the "tainted" tournament on air.
Alcohol will not be sold to fans at the World Cup's eight stadiums in Qatar after Fifa changes its policy two days before the start of the tournament.
Seven-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan is out of the UK Championship after a shock quarter-final whitewash defeat by Ding Junhui.
Watch highlights as England captain Tom Halliwell scores a late try to lead his side to a famous Wheelchair Rugby League World Cup final victory over France.
Former England men's seamer Jon Lewis has been named as the new England women's head coach.
Jeremy Hunt draws economic dividing lines with Labour but there is plenty they agree on too.
Local authorities warn a council tax rise would be hard on households and not plug a funding gap.
Why are UK pump prices at record highs, and when might they fall?
From a cake maker to a folk musician, here's what people in Gloucester think about the Autumn Statement.
The Autumn Statement was a mixed bag for people in Southend-on-Sea, where many are living on the brink.
Rwanda's Salima Mukansanga hopes being selected for the men's World Cup will help other officials.
The World Cup in Qatar starts on Sunday in what promises to be a unique tournament. So what makes it so different?
Scorching heat, lack of shade, £12 pints and huge screens - this is what it's like inside a World Cup fan park in Qatar.
The UK prime minister has travelled to Ukraine for the first time since taking office.
The man was taken to hospital on Friday after becoming unwell, says the Home Office.
There are signs that a breakthrough on a potentially historic deal at a summit in Egypt is within reach.
Gareth Swarbrick is removed from his post after the death of a two-year-old boy due to flat mould.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino accuses the West of "hypocrisy" in its reporting about Qatar's human rights record on the eve of the World Cup.
A senior official tells the BBC the Artemis missions will lead to astronauts living on the Moon.
France striker Karim Benzema is out of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar after he sustained a thigh injury in training.
Tears and high emotions greeted Brian Glendinning at Edinburgh Airport after two months in custody.
Raneem Oudeh and Khaola Saleem were "possibly not taken seriously", says a former police watchdog.
Do ministers believe pain for people and public services is the price of stability, asks Laura Kuenssberg.
Crowds gather on a bridge to welcome the train as families reunite after months apart.
Police say four men have also been arrested after searches in east Belfast on Friday night.
Georgia produce the finest day of their history with a shock win over woeful Wales in Cardiff.
As energy bills rise and temperatures fall, there are extra payments available.
Barbara Kennedy is one of thousands of private renters in Northern Ireland struggling with rising costs.
Plenty of stories on Sunday's front pages look forward to the World Cup finally kicking off in Qatar.
How a 15-year-old schoolboy exposed a much-repeated "fact" as a Wikipedia hoax.
How much weight should we put on predictions from the Office for Budget Responsibility and other experts?
The footage shows the anonymous British artist working around Kyiv - but never reveals his face.
Video has emerged that Russia says shows the killing of their troops in eastern Ukraine.
Instagram star Sophie Butler speaks about her gym accident and how she ended up on the catwalk.
Memorable acts from the song contest's history perform at a special concert in The Netherlands.
Although their city is no longer occupied, Ukrainians like Lubov are still having to hide from shelling.
As Joe Biden's granddaughter gets married at America's most famous address, who else tied the knot there?
Saturday's front pages cover the last-minute decision to stop alcohol being sold at World Cup stadiums.
West Yorkshire Police's busy team of call handlers deal with 1,300 emergency calls every day.
England head coach Eddie Jones praised his "finishers" after a stunning late comeback secured a 25-25 draw with New Zealand.
Mal Meninga says it is "only the beginning" for his Australia side after they won their third successive World Cup title with a 30-10 victory over Samoa at Old Trafford.
Ross Byrne's 77th-minute penalty earns Ireland a 13-10 victory over Australia in a turgid Autumn Test in Dublin.
Georgia believe victories over Italy and now Wales in Cardiff should pave the way for entry to the Six Nations.
BBC Sport relives 10 defining goals from the 2018 World Cup - featuring stunning strikes from Lionel Messi, Kylian Mbappe and Cristiano Ronaldo.
An error-strewn game ended by an incredible turnaround ensures the WSL grabbs football's attention - and puts Manchester United in a four-way title race
Watch highlights as Australia win a third World Cup in a row with a hard-fought 30-10 victory over Samoa at Old Trafford.
Clashes over cash for poor countries are dominating as talks at COP27 run into the weekend.
After 12 years of questions, criticisms and conjecture, the Fifa World Cup in Qatar will finally get under way on Sunday.
The team were concerned about finding charging points, but a little-known law was to be their undoing.
"I'm actually worried," says one person in Qatar. "We haven't had anything like this before."
Cost, travel, rooms - what can supporters expect from the first World Cup in the Middle East?
Rich nations will pay climate damages, but the final deal does not cut fossil fuels further.
A 31-year-old man is being questioned following the deaths of the young girls in Nottingham.
Gareth Southgate says he wants to take England fans on a happy journey while Wales captain Gareth Bale relishes a "massive piece" of Wales' football history.
Iran captain Ehsan Hajsafi speaks out against the situation in his home country before his nation's opening game against England at the World Cup.
US President Joe Biden says Americans "cannot and must not tolerate hate" as local people grieve.
After the recent bombing in Istanbul, Turkish retaliatory air strikes on Kurdish targets have left a population on edge.
Gareth Southgate says his England players will take the knee before Monday's World Cup opener against Iran.
Mention of a "two-tier" service appears in draft minutes of a meeting of NHS Scotland chief executives.
The messages include Jimmy Savile jokes, a video of a woman stripping, and leaked nude images.
Officials say the fire truck was doing drills when it was hit by the jet, killing two firefighters.
Hengameh Ghaziani and Katayoun Riahi are held for siding with anti-government protests, reports say.
Protect Duty, or Martyn's Law, was introduced in the wake of the Manchester Arena bombing.
The comedian appears to destroy wads of banknotes in an industrial shredder in a clip posted on Twitter.
The final countdown to England's World Cup kick off is causing much excitement on Monday's front pages.
Michelle told no-one she was pregnant. So when she gave birth by the roadside, she did something she came to regret.
Artist Annie Nicholson's work has centred around grief since she lost family members in a tragic accident.
Jang Jung Hyuck used kickboxing to cope with the trauma of escaping North Korea.
The BBC's health and science correspondent undergoes an experiment to find out how a cold home affects him.
Qatar were beaten by Ecuador as the dreams of the host nation turned into a nightmare at Al Bayt Stadium.
With England set to open their World Cup campaign against Iran on Monday, BBC Sport's Phil McNulty takes a closer look at what is at stake.
Mark Allen produces a sensational recovery as he fights back from 6-1 down to beat Ding Junhui 10-7 for his first UK Championship title.
Watch highlights as Qatar become the first host nation to lose their opening game as Ecuador captain Enner Valencia scores twice.
Former world number one Novak Djokovic beats Casper Ruud to win a record-equalling sixth ATP Finals.
England fans saw reasons to be cheerful and fearful in the dramatic draw with New Zealand, writes World Cup winner Matt Dawson.
Qatar has been criticised for its same-sex relationships ban and its treatment of migrant workers.
Former Wales defender and BBC pundit Danny Gabbidon on how Rob Page's side can start their first World Cup for 64 years by beating the United States.
BBC Sport's Nesta McGregor spends the night at the Qetaifan Island Fan Village just north of Doha, where football fans are arriving for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
Bosses have to decide whether to get behind the controversial World Cup.
With Qatar's human rights abuses in the spotlight, will LGBTQ+ people be watching the tournament?
While Three Lions still gets played every tournament, the days of squad singles are long gone.
The biggest win on climate since the Paris Agreement in 2015... or the biggest loss?
In a landmark deal, richer nations agree to give money to developing nations facing climate change.
A crucial climate change summit has been held in the UK which could change our lives.
With a historic agreement signed off at COP27, have nations kept their promises from the last UN climate summit?
We asked climate experts from around the world what they want to see agreed at COP26 this week.
The regulator says its review has found serious problems among firms but suppliers have hit back.
Sir Keir Starmer will promise a "pragmatic" immigration policy in a speech to business leaders.
Gareth Bale rescues Wales as the captain's late penalty salvages a draw against the United States in his country's first World Cup game for 64 years.
Bukayo Saka scores twice as England cruise to a comfortable win against Iran in their Qatar 2022 opener.
Rescuers have been working through the night to save people still trapped under collapsed buildings.
Laura McAllister, the FAW's tournament ambassador, says she had to smuggle in LGBTQ supporting hat.
Only one in seven Black Friday deals offered a genuine discount last year, says consumer group Which?
It is aimed at avoiding the cost of hospital care for patients whose conditions are worsened by the cold.
Iran decline to sing their national anthem before their World Cup match with England in apparent expression of support of anti-government protests in their homeland.
Millions are at risk as winter sets in as many are without power, a WHO official warns.
Defender Neco Williams reveals he played in Wales' opening World Cup game after being told his grandfather had died.
The US comedian spent 10 days receiving treatment after being burned in a fire at his garage.
Two of Twitter's most important civil rights partners criticise reinstatement of Trump and West accounts
A nurse is facing eviction with her family, and they can't find a new home within budget.
All UK households are getting £400 off their winter energy bill and many on low incomes get extra help.
England's World Cup win over Iran and a speech on migration by the Labour leader lead the papers.
Artan tells the BBC he spent thousands crossing the English Channel, only to be deported back to Albania.
Christie's auction house says the seller has decided to loan it to a museum instead.
As Cape Town hosts Africa's first ever conference on clubfoot, the BBC witnesses a pioneering treatment in Senegal.
Kherson starts its long healing process - though Russian forces are only a few miles away.
Watch all of England's goals and the best player and pundit reaction from their thumping 6-2 win over Iran in the first World Cup in Qatar.
Watch the scenes as Gareth Bale sends Wales fans wild with their first World Cup goal in 64 years which earns a draw against the United States.
Watch highlights as the Netherlands leave it late to secure a 2-0 victory against Senegal in their first appearance at a World Cup since 2014 with goals from youngster Cody Gakpo and Davy Klaassen.
Late goals give the Netherlands an important victory in their World Cup opener against Senegal in Group A.
Director of rugby Rassie Erasmus' behaviour makes South Africa "so easy to dislike", says Springboks great John Smit.
Fabulous footballer. Unbelievable player. Lampard and Gerrard rolled into one. Jude Bellingham's World Cup debut has many reaching for the superlatives.
Fallon Sherrock is awarded a place at the PDC World Darts Championship after missing out on a qualification spot last month.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty reflects on an almost perfect afternoon for England in their World Cup opener.
Some fans struggled to load their QR code tickets before England's opening match against Iran.
Gareth Bale says he had "no doubts" about taking the penalty which brought Wales' first World Cup goal since 1958 to seal a 1-1 draw with the USA.
England, Wales and other European nations will not wear the OneLove armband at the World Cup in Qatar because of the threat of players getting yellow cards.
After a painful 64-year absence from World Cups, Wales are set to make an emotional return when they face the United States on Monday.
Taking the knee has spread across the sporting world as a statement against racism.
Not a football fan? Here's what you need to know about the biggest competition on the planet.
How Qataris feel about their country becoming the first in the Arab world to host a World Cup.
BBC Sport provides a day-by-day guide to who is playing when and where you can watch the match in the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
Manchester United's American owners the Glazer family say they are considering selling the club as they "explore strategic alternatives".
Portugal forward Cristiano Ronaldo is to leave Manchester United with immediate effect.
The RMT says a series of strikes will take place across four 48-hour periods in December and January.
Congressional Democrats have been chasing access to Mr Trump's financial records for three years.
Kyiv authorities say they want to stop Russia using the site for sabotage, intelligence or weapons.
Millions of people will receive help with energy bills over the coming weeks and months.
At least 268 people, many of them children, are reported dead on Java island, with many still missing.
Activists Louis McKechnie and Emily Brocklebank glued themselves to Peach Trees In Blossom.
England skipper Harry Kane is set to have a scan on his right ankle before Friday's World Cup game with the United States.
Police are given extra time to question a 31-year-old man, held on suspicion of murder.
Some 47 Conservative MPs sign an amendment to the Levelling Up Bill which would abolish mandatory targets.
FTX's collapse was described in court as "one of most abrupt and difficult" in corporate America.
A mother says it is the greatest feeling in the world that her son has reached his first birthday.
Young people are repairing their broken things to help their finances - but it also helps the planet.
Rail strikes over the festive period and the row over World Cup host Qatar's approach to LGBT causes lead the papers.
South Africa's Cyril Ramaphosa is welcomed to London as Charles III hosts his first state visit as King.
The presenter has gone viral on TikTok talking about his experience following a high-speed car crash in 2006.
With too much inventory and a possible squeeze on demand, retailers may offer deeper price cuts in December.
The 12-year-old boy who inspired the England player's dance move says "it's the best thing ever".
The BBC speaks to asylum seekers and residents in the seaside resort embroiled in the migrant row.
The arts festival says 18m people across the UK have enjoyed Unboxed's programme of events.
Most people wanting to come to the UK to work need to apply via a points-based system.
More national rail strikes have been announced by the RMT union.
Language lovers can choose between metaverse, #IStandWith and the phrase goblin mode.
The movie tells the story of the investigation that led to the downfall of one of Hollywood's most powerful figures.
Some Canadians are concerned the country's aggressive immigration targets are too high.
The fate of photographer John Cantlie, kidnapped by the jihadist group in 2012, remains unknown.
It is exactly five years since Zimbabwe's ex-president left power but life is now worse for many.
In a developing country like Rwanda building a market for electric cars has proved challenging.
Covid-19 is flaring up in China, despite it having some of the toughest lockdown rules in the world.
Gareth Southgate says he is "worried" that England were used as an example of a foul at a corner in Fifa's pre-tournament briefing for referees.
Cristiano Ronaldo's situation at Manchester United was "like a ticking timebomb", says former United and England captain Rio Ferdinand.
Olivier Giroud arrived in Qatar as an understudy among France's ensemble cast but took on a lead role in the 4-2 win over Australia.
Watch the best of France's Kylian Mbappe's stunning performance during their 4-1 victory against Australia in at World Cup 2022.
Salem Al Dawsari produces "a moment of magic" to score the winner as Saudi Arabia stun Argentina 2-1 at the World Cup.
Watch highlights as Kylian Mbappe and Olivier Giroud star in a thrilling 4-1 victory for France against Australia in their opening Group D match at the World Cup.
Robert Lewandowski was hurting after the 2018 World Cup, and still is as his wait for a goal continues.
Olivier Giroud equals Thierry Henry's all-time scoring record for France as the holders start the defence of their World Cup crown with an emphatic win over Australia.
Argentina's shock World Cup defeat by Saudi Arabia is "seismic" and "historic", but what does it mean for both nations?
Robert Lewandowski has a penalty saved as Poland and Mexico play out a goalless World Cup draw at a fervent Stadium 974.
We go inside the Saudi Arabia dressing room as their players celebrate the shock 2-1 victory against Argentina at the Fifa World Cup.
Former England captain Alan Shearer says he hopes the Three Lions stick to the attacking approach shown against Iran when they face USA and Wales.
The five matches at the World Cup so far have had much more stoppage time added on at the end of games than usual, but why?
The best World Cup-winning teams are ranked by Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Micah Richards in the latest Match of the Day Top 10 podcast.
Belgium will not wear their white away shirts with the word "love" on the collar in the group stage of the World Cup following a discussion with Fifa.
An average audience of 9.4 million watched the Wales match, while 7.4 million watched England.
BBC Sport provides a day-by-day guide to who is playing when and where you can watch the match in the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
The Supreme Court rules that an independence referendum cannot be held without UK government's consent.
The judges made clear Holyrood cannot legislate for an independence referendum without Westminster's agreement.
The latest barrage of Russian missiles kills six in Ukraine and impacts neighbouring Moldova too.
The newborn baby's grandmother speaks of her death in an attack on a maternity hospital in Ukraine.
The 100ml bottle restriction could be axed thanks to 3D scanners, which are being trialled in airports.
Belgium labour to victory in their opening World Cup game as they are pushed all the way by an outstanding effort from Canada.
The home secretary told MPs ultimate blame lay with people smugglers.
A British man is one of 17 new recruits to Europe's space agency's astronaut training programme
Nadia Nadim reveals her mother died suddenly, after the Denmark forward had to leave an ITV broadcast early.
People need to cut consumption to reduce the UK's reliance on Russia, the chancellor says.
Decision to remove UK citizenship from woman who went to Syria when schoolgirl is being challenged.
The gunman opened fire on colleagues in a break room before turning the weapon on himself.
Police in Germany say they are examining links between the theft and past heists from the country's museums.
Emlyn Mousley hopes his simple idea will help families struggling with rising food prices.
A ruling on any future Scottish independence vote and a drive to cut energy use lead the papers.
The number out of work through ill health has been rising sharply - and no-one is really sure why.
Afghans say they are also forced to sell kidneys and their daughters to get money for food.
From how you heat your home to where you shop, the UK's links to Qatar may be part of your day-to-day life.
Growing sales of an Indonesian nut called kenari is helping to reduce deforestation.
Social media is helping travel agents to impress clients, and sometimes to scam them.
Three sons of Sarah Sands, who killed a paedophile in 2014, talk about her crime for the first time.
One of the world's biggest football clubs is up for sale, but who are the runners and riders to buy it?
Several insiders tell BBC Two's Newsnight inexperienced and low-paid staff are handling applications.
A new "documentary" falsely blames Covid vaccines for deaths of young people.
The foreign secretary tells the BBC he wants to focus on the future and not the past.
Love Island star Zara McDermott explored disordered eating and social media in a BBC Three film.
The founders of Seatfrog share their business advice for the CEO Secrets series.
Russia's invasion of Ukraine forced Germany to cut its dependence on gas from the east - and fast.
The Glazer family's controversial era could be over after 17 years - but what do the fans think?
The BBC goes on manoeuvres with the unit leading a growing offensive against al-Shabab militants.
More than 70,000 university staff will take part in the strikes, says the union, the UCU.
As a legacy bill is debated, Mary Kiely speaks publicly about her brother's shooting for the first time.
The England star tells Finlay he did a "little celebration just for you" after his goal.
The Booker-nominated novel, which developed a huge young fanbase, is coming to London's West End.
The former football star is currently presenting the broadcaster's World Cup coverage from Qatar.
Whatever England can do, Spain can do better… but does thrashing hapless opposition in your opening game make you World Cup contenders?
Watch highlights as Japan produce a stunning comeback to win 2-1 and shock four-time winners Germany in the World Cup Group E opener.
Chelsea maintain their perfect start in the Women's Champions League by seeing off Real Madrid at Kingsmeadow.
Pace bowler Jofra Archer bowls nine overs for England Lions on his long-awaited return from elbow and back injuries.
"This is about religion, culture, the norms of the region and respect, versus LGBT advocates and activists vocal on human rights", writes BBC's Shaimaa Khalil.
La Rochelle head coach and former Ireland fly-half Ronan O'Gara is given a fourth suspension in a year after being banned for 10 weeks.
Leicestershire's Rehan Ahmed will become England's youngest Test player if he makes his debut in the first Test in Pakistan in December.
Japan's fans stay behind after their team's memorable win over Germany to clean up the stadium.
Brazil captain Thiago Silva says we will see a "better Neymar" at this World Cup after injury hampered his past two tournaments.
Japan boss Hajime Moriyasu says beating Germany in the World Cup is a "historic moment" showing the "beauty of football".
Germany players cover their mouths for the team photograph before their World Cup opener against Japan amid the row with Fifa over the OneLove armband.
England captain Harry Kane trains with his team-mates on Wednesday, boosting hopes he will be fit for Friday's World Cup game against USA.
Englishman John Herdman says he will have imposter syndrome when he takes charge of Canada at the World Cup in Qatar.
Croatia, runners-up four years ago, start their World Cup campaign with a goalless draw against a well-drilled Morocco at Al Bayt Stadium.
Piara Powar, executive director of European football anti-discriminatory body Fare, says he has "never seen anything like this".
Canada will play for the first time in 36 years, ushering in a new era for football in the country.
Former Wales captain Ashley Williams explains why striker Kieffer Moore is underrated in every way after his impact from the bench in the USA draw.
Royal College of Nursing members are set to stage their biggest-ever NHS walkout on 15 and 20 December.
Jamie Barrow, 31, is due in court charged with murdering Fatoumatta Hydara and her young children.
Engineers are starting to rebuild infrastructure destroyed during Russia's occupation of Kherson.
Parliament's expenses body says it was wrong to tell MPs they could claim for festive gatherings.
E Jean Carroll filed a lawsuit under the Act, which allows people to pursue decades-old sex abuse claims.
Cristiano Ronaldo is hailed as a "phenomenon" and "legend" after he becomes the first man to score at five Fifa World Cups.
A second child is taken to hospital and pupils and staff are being prescribed antibiotics.
Wendy Morton says her resignation was refused by the ex-PM after a fateful vote on fracking.
The BBC's Shaimaa Khalil asked Iran footballer Mehdi Taremi for his view on the protests in Iran.
A Tory MP says the former prime ministers are backing his bid to overturn a ban on new turbines.
Rolling Stone has reported that staff have complained about West's "problematic behaviour".
Lady Glenconner, who was a maid of honour at the Queen's coronation, is herself portrayed on screen.
The boss of Frasers Group said the move secured "a long-term future" for the 250-year-old Gieves & Hawkes.
The energy bill support package will continue after April, but will be less generous.
The Stop Loan Sharks agency is warning against illegal lenders as families struggle with price rises.
Pies and burgers have been slashed from the menu at a Colchester restaurant due to staff shortages and soaring food prices.
Thousands of Paddington Bears were left in tribute to Queen Elizabeth II, who died in September.
BBC Analysis Editor Ros Atkins looks at what’s causing egg supply issues in some UK supermarkets.
London Waterloo had the most passengers and Elton and Orston in Nottinghamshire the least.
As we are bombarded with Black Friday adverts, some people mark the day in a very different way.
Post, teachers, lecturers - they're all on strike. Here's a simple rundown of why and how.
About 2,500 fans travelled to Tenerife to support Wales, instead of going to Qatar.
The game's future is a political battleground in Bury, where a club’s demise has divided fans.
Residents near a crossing which went viral on TikTok after numerous accidents call for new measures.
Activists say they are becoming concerned about the lack of representation in the UK climate industry.
The coin bearing the name of Sponsian was considered apocryphal and had been locked away in a museum cupboard.
More people are getting ill after swimming and paddling in rivers and seas, a new report says.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
Can Wales clinch crucial first World Cup victory in 64 years? And will England qualify for the last 16?
Richarlison uses the World Cup stage to demonstrate why he is a first-choice for favourites Brazil at the 2022 World Cup, writes BBC Sport's Phil McNulty.
Watch Richarlison's spectacular volley for Brazil against Serbia from every angle.
Cristiano Ronaldo becomes the first man to score at five Fifa World Cups as Portugal begin their campaign with a thrilling victory over Ghana.
Vivianne Miedema scores as Arsenal come from behind to earn a point in their Women's Champions League group game in Turin.
England in control of warm-up fixture with the Lions despite Haseeb Hameed's century.
Saudi Arabia's sports minister says its government would "definitely support" private sector Saudi bids for Manchester United and Liverpool.
Cristiano Ronaldo becomes the first player to score at five Fifa World Cups as Portugal begin their campaign with victory over Ghana.
BBC Sport's Nesta McGregor attempts to travel to as many matches as possible in one day at the World Cup in Qatar.
Isolation from sport is one of the many consequences of Russia's war in Ukraine, says Steve Rosenberg.
BBC pundit Martin Keown feels Gareth Southgate will turn to Marcus Rashford to lead England's attack against the USA, if he does not want to risk Harry Kane after his injury.
Gareth Southgate tells Kelly Somers that England must raise their level further against the USA - and says certain decisions going against England are "a concern".
Nothing could separate Uruguay and South Korea in their World Cup opener in Group H despite plenty of attacking quality on show in Qatar.
Switzerland's Cameroon-born Breel Embolo scores the only goal as they see off the Indomitable Lions in Group G at the Al Janoub Stadium in Qatar.
Wales are "furious" players were threatened with bookings if they wore the OneLove armband and showed their support for LGBTQ+ rights with the rainbow flag at training.
Scenes of maskless crowds in Qatar anger viewers in China, where many face strict Covid measures.
Are supporters in Qatar managing to keep up with the changes over alcohol, kit and freedom of speech?
Richarlison scores twice - including a stunning volley on the turn - as five-time winners Brazil open their World Cup campaign by beating Serbia.
It was a day of frustration for England and Wales at the World Cup in Qatar - but both teams still have a chance of qualifying for the knockout stages.
BBC Sport's Phil McNulty reflects on England's 0-0 draw with USA in the World Cup.
FA chief executive Mark Bullingham says Fifa threatened "unlimited" sanctions against players who wore the OneLove armband during matches at the World Cup in Qatar.
London Fire Brigade officers "sexually taunt female colleagues constantly", a report finds.
Passengers face further disruption with 11 rail companies being affected by the long-running dispute.
Bishop Auckland MP Dehenna Davison wants to devote more time to her family and life outside politics.
Given the scale of destruction from Russia's invasion, his words are certain to infuriate Ukrainians.
Campaigner Heidi Crowter says she will keep fighting and take her case to the Supreme Court.
The 78-year-old actor is accused of inappropriately touching a woman in 2017, judicial officials say.
Officials released new details of the attack, which killed six, including a note from the gunman's phone.
Dominic Raab faces further bullying claims although he insists he has always "behaved professionally".
Flowers are experiencing a second bloom this year due to the unseasonable temperatures, experts say.
Use this form to tell us how you are managing your children's Christmas expectations.
Braintree village expects more than 11,000 shoppers to visit during Black Friday.
Leading several of Saturday's front pages is England's 0-0 World Cup draw with the USA.
Egyptologists are still learning about his life and treasures a century after his tomb was opened.
Three women share their stories of how being on Twitter has changed their lives for the better.
An Indian company has developed a cheap, non-invasive test for breast cancer that uses thermal imaging and AI.
Police vehicles guard British-based journalists facing death threats for reporting on protests in Iran.
More national rail strikes have been announced by the Aslef union.
Olena Zelenska tells the BBC's Lyse Doucet cold and blackouts are not the worst things Ukraine has faced.
It's 70 years since the BBC launched its first televised chart show. How have things changed since?
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
How the former US president might lose money if he starts tweeting.
England remain top of Group B after being held to hard fought 0-0 draw by the USA at the World Cup.
Watch highlights as Wales' World Cup hopes look to be in ruins after late goals give Iran a 2-0 win in their Group B game in Qatar.
Gareth Southgate says he is "happy with the mentality" but is criticised for England's lack of creativity against USA - and not using Phil Foden.
After a drab draw against the United States, BBC Sport pundits Jermaine Jenas and Ashley Williams debate whether England boss Gareth Southgate trusts striker Harry Kane too much.
Bermuda's Flora Duffy gets the better of Britain's Georgia Taylor-Brown to win a record fourth World Triathlon title.
Wales goalkeeper Wayne Hennessey is sent off for a reckless challenge on Iran's Mehdi Taremi at the World Cup in Doha.
Match of the Day's Ashley Williams assesses Harry Maguire's "big strong performance" as the defender plays a crucial role for England in their 0-0 draw with USA at the World Cup.
BBC Sport looks at what England and Wales need to do to qualify for the last 16 at the World Cup in Qatar.
The atmosphere was muted after fans took the day off work for what turned into a frustrating game.
As Wales head towards a first-round exit at the World Cup, key players Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey are struggling to produce game-changing performances.
There’s been controversy over restrictions on fans and players in Qatar - and how they've responded.
Qatar have been eliminated at the group-stage in their home World Cup after Senegal condemned them to a second straight loss.
Brazil forward Neymar will miss their next two World Cup games after sustaining ligament damage in his right ankle, says their team doctor.
Enner Valencia scores his third goal of the World Cup as Ecuador draw with the Netherlands to leave Group A wide open.
Jeers could be heard from Iran fans in the stadium, while some showed their support for protests back home.
Valencia midfielder Yunus Musah played his youth football in England but is now set to face the Three Lions at a World Cup with the USA.
Rate the players out of 10 as Wales face Iran in the group stage at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
Wales fans have flocked to Qatar for their team's second game of the 2022 World Cup.
Englishman Anthony Hudson spent time working in high security prisons - and that has given him a sense of perspective as he plots the Three Lions' downfall with the USA at the World Cup on Friday.
Wales lose 2-0, but for many Iranians it was against a backdrop of unrest in their home nation.
The song is believed to have originated as Wales' anthem in response to New Zealand's haka in 1905.
An update to the Online Safety Bill was influenced by Molly Russell who ended her life in 2017.
Yusuf Mahmud Nazir, five, was not admitted to hospital despite his uncle "begging" for help as his condition worsened, his family say.
It comes after a scathing report found the London brigade was "institutionally misogynist and racist".
The ex-Scotland rugby international dies six years after being diagnosed with motor neurone disease.
A torrent of mud and debris dislodged trees, engulfed buildings and dragged cars into the sea.
The Queen Consort is ending the traditional title of ladies-in-waiting for assistants at events.
Due to the closeness and timings of the incidents, police say they are trying to establish if they are linked.
The man whose wife and children died after a flat fire says they were set to join him in the US.
Health officials advise vaccines and antibiotics are offered to migrants at their new accommodation.
Kevin Johnson faces execution in Missouri on Tuesday for the killing of a police officer.
Scientists are searching through a museum's wheat collection to find the crop of the future.
The American singer and actress won an Oscar for Best Original Song in 1984.
It is the first bison calf to be born in the UK wild in thousands of years.
Stacey McDonnell and Darren Setford live in Leicester and are full-time carers for family members.
The government has extended the windfall tax on oil and gas companies.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
The Sunday Telegraph reports about 4,000 patients a day are waiting more than 12 hours in A&E.
With more strikes, is it time to bring out that Shakespeare quote again, asks Laura Kuenssberg?
Europe's first dedicated black music station, Dread Broadcasting Corporation
About 115,000 postal workers are taking part in the dispute with Royal Mail.
Three women share their stories of how being on Twitter has changed their lives for the better.
With no power or running water, the few remaining residents of Avdiivka have been urged to leave.
Do public or private sector workers get paid more?
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
BBC Sport's Phil McNulty reflects on a tense night for Argentina and Lionel Messi after their 2-0 victory over Mexico in their second group-stage match at the World Cup.
With Anthony Joshua watching ringside, Dillian Whyte's big comeback night fell flat as he laboured past Jermaine Franklin in London.
England head coach Eddie Jones says his side's 27-13 defeat by South Africa at Twickenham was "entirely my fault" but believes they can have a "really good go" at next year's World Cup.
Warren Gatland is a leading contender to return as Wales coach if the Welsh Rugby Union decide to replace Wayne Pivac.
Lionel Messi's strike opens the scoring for Argentina in their must-not-lose World Cup Group C match with Mexico before Enzo Fernandez's sublime effort seals victory.
Watch highlights as Kylian Mbappe scores twice to give France a 2-1 victory against Denmark which makes them the first team to reach the knockout stage at the World Cup.
Tom English celebrates the life of Doddie Weir, a man who brought the best out of people and made it his mission to make them smile.
Lionel Messi scores a superb goal as Argentina get a vital victory over Mexico to boost their hopes of qualifying for the World Cup last 16.
Fifa opens disciplinary proceedings against Serbia's football association after its team hung a controversial flag depicting Kosovo in their dressing room.
Former England captain Alan Shearer says the Three Lions need to freshen things up against Wales in Tuesday's final game of the group stage at the 2022 World Cup
Kylian Mbappe scores twice for France as the defending champions lay down a marker by beating Denmark and becoming the first team to reach the World Cup knockout stage.
Cristiano Ronaldo is called a "total genius" by Fifa for winning Portugal's penalty in their opening World Cup victory over Ghana.
Fans in Saudi Arabia have been unable to watch all of the World Cup after a streaming service was blocked by the country's government.
Former Wales captain Ashley Williams explains why Wales can still end their World Cup on a high when they face England on Tuesday.
For Cai Emlyn Davies, following Wales is as much about the music as the football.
BBC Sport looks at what England and Wales need to do to qualify for the last 16 at the World Cup in Qatar.
BBC Sport's Phil McNulty reflects on England's laboured 0-0 draw with the United States in the World Cup.
Two men and woman have been arrested after the bodies of two babies were found at a home.
The former health secretary was beaten by footballer Jill Scott and actor Owen Warner in the final.
The prosecutor-general tells the BBC Russian attacks are aimed at "the full Ukrainian nation".
Most of the UK lacks consistent round-the-clock care for the terminally ill, research suggests.
Professional clubs told to limit training exercises with repetitive heading to one session per week.
Government announces extra funding to help those in least efficient homes in lower council tax bands.
The 16-year-old victims died just a mile apart in south-east London on Saturday.
More than 50 Tory MPs say a legal change would speed-up the return of illegitimate asylum seekers.
A late Germany equaliser against Spain boosts their chances of qualifying for the World Cup last 16.
The firm, together with easyJet, is trying out hydrogen instead of jet fuel in a jet engine.
It was reported the man had accidentally fallen onto the tracks in Harlem, New York.
The artist says he takes drugs to slow his heart and creates the tiny engravings between heartbeats.
Residents in a housing estate in County Antrim are accessing low-cost hot meals run by a local group.
Monday's papers lead with the protests in Chinese cities over Beijing's strict zero-Covid policies.
The ex-health secretary was eliminated from I'm a Celebrity, so was his appearance a failure?
China's rulers appear to have drastically underestimated growing discontent at Xi Jinping's zero-Covid policy.
A French team has decoded a letter from Charles V, revealing rumours of an assassination plot.
David Stirling, the Scot known as the founder of the SAS, was not what you would expect of a military hero.
Jyoti Bhatt documented the nuances of rural Indian culture that are on the cusp of disappearing.
Anger mounts after the killing of children, including Keketso Saule, by pit bulls in South Africa.
Russian air strikes have hit power supplies and health services, putting millions of lives at risk.
Germany teenager Jamal Musiala's performance in the 1-1 draw with Spain again shows how exciting his future in the game can be.
Substitutes Alvaro Morata and Niclas Fullkrug score the goals as Spain and Germany play out a 1-1 draw at the World Cup which means that Group E will go down to the final set of fixtures.
Andrej Kramaric scores twice as Croatia beat Canada 4-1 to knock them out of the World Cup despite Alphonso Davies scoring their first ever men's World Cup goal.
Michael van Gerwen beats Rob Cross 11-6 to win his seventh PDC Players Championship Finals title in 10 years.
England are well short of the leading Rugby World Cup contenders. Any new coach would improve them. The Rugby Football Union now has a decision to make, says Matt Dawson.
Belgium show "a fear of losing" and "haven't been the best Belgium yet", says boss Roberto Martinez after a World Cup defeat by Morocco.
Newcastle United set a new Women's FA Cup attendance record in their 2-1 second-round win over Barnsley at St James' Park.
England's players do not "need fans to boo" them to know they have not played well, says forward Marcus Rashford.
Iran's football federation complains to Fifa after the United States removed the emblem of the Islamic Republic from the country's flag in social media posts.
Alphonso Davies scores Canada's first-ever World Cup goal, but it is not enough to stop them being knocked out following a defeat by Croatia.
The singer hopes Wales can make the final 16 as a mathematician Hannah Fry crunches the numbers.
Brazil head coach Tite says the high number of fouls on Neymar "has to stop" after the forward was injured in their group-stage victory over Serbia.
Wales' World Cup journey was started by the late manager, say fans on the anniversary of his death.
Jurgen Klinsmann says he wants to speak to Carlos Queiroz to "calm things down" after the Iran manager said the German's criticism of his team was a "disgrace to football".
Joe Allen says Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey can rise to the occasion when Wales face England knowing victory is essential for any chance of World Cup progress.
Think you know your World Cup players? Well now you can prove it by taking our picture quiz every day.
The British prime minister says the UK needs to show "robust pragmatism" towards global competitors.
Demonstrations over Covid restrictions that erupted at the weekend now appear to have died down.
Over 40 arrests were made across six countries, dismantling a massive criminal network, police say.
Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes scores twice as Portugal beat Uruguay to reach the World Cup last 16.
A protester invades the pitch carrying a rainbow flag and 'save Ukraine' t-shirt during the World Cup Group H game between Portugal and Uruguay.
Alishah doesn't qualify for free school meals, but her parents are among many struggling with lunch costs.
New law will not require removal of "legal but harmful" content, which critics said risked free speech.
Elon Musk says Apple has cut Twitter advertising and has threatened to remove it from the app store.
The spacecraft travels further from Earth than any previous vehicle built for astronauts.
Covid scientists will be testing different medications to see what works against winter flu.
Residents have been placed on alert and were earlier warned about the risk of falling ash.
The corporation says it will make its complaints process easier and more transparent to navigate.
Emergency crews, including air ambulance, are called to a crash involving a school coach.
The BBC returned to give Samuel some good news.
Better home insulation could save some households hundreds of pounds a year on their energy bills.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
Tuesday's papers look ahead to the first all-British World Cup match between England and Wales.
Kim Kardashian is pulled into a row over the fashion house's latest campaign after heavy backlash.
The Amazon boss joins a long line of Americans giving away their riches. Is it different in the UK?
The pop star, whose parents are Albanian, is honoured for promoting the country through her music.
Most of the UK lacks consistent round-the-clock care for the terminally ill, research suggests.
"I saw things no-one should see", says a traffic police officer who now takes solace behind a lens.
Cecilie Fjellhøy tells Newsbeat about looking for love on TV - and why she's back on Tinder.
The star charged $600 for "hand-signed" editions of his latest book, but all was not as it seemed.
The market for illegally-traded puppies is now worth £13m, according to the Crown Office.
Authorities in India's Assam state sealed a museum dedicated to Muslims - and many are asking why.
BBC pundits Jermaine Jenas and Danny Gabbidon give their verdict on where Tuesday's World Cup group match between Wales and England will be won and lost.
Ronnie O'Sullivan misses out on the fastest televised century break by just three seconds as he whizzes through the first round at the Scottish Open.
It was the moment Cristiano Ronaldo thought he had joined Eusebio as Portugal's World Cup record goalscorer - well, for a couple of minutes anyway.
Cristiano Ronaldo thinks he has given Portugal the lead against Uruguay but the goal is eventually awarded to Bruno Fernandes who provided the cross.
Casemiro grabs a late winner as Brazil beat Switzerland 1-0 to progress to the last 16 at the World Cup.
Tiger Woods announces that he will not be playing in next month's Hero World Challenge in the Bahamas due to an issue with his right foot.
Wales and England go head-to-head in a mouth-watering final match in Group B with all to play for in the World Cup.
As anti-lockdown protests rock China, state TV tries to hide a world moving on from Covid.
Gregg Berhalter apologises for a social media post by the United States which removed the emblem of the Islamic Republic from Iran's flag.
Niclas Fullkrug kept Germany in the World Cup with his strike against Spain on Sunday - and his personal story is just as amazing.
Cameroon keep their hopes alive of reaching the World Cup last 16 as they battled back from two goals down to draw a six-goal thriller with Serbia .
European nations wanting to wear OneLove captain's armbands are sending out a "divisive message", says Qatar World Cup chief Hassan Al-Thawadi.
Boss Robert Page says Wales must put their "big boy pants on" and finally give their fans a World Cup performance to be proud of against England.
BBC Sport looks at what England and Wales need to do to qualify for the last 16 at the World Cup in Qatar.
Phil Foden still has a "big part" to play in England's World Cup campaign despite his limited role in the first two group matches, says manager Gareth Southgate.
Following Wales at the tournament has given supporters a series of emotional highs and lows.
After a deadly fire in a locked down building, people are demanding an end to Covid restrictions.
Scenes of protest from China, which has seen unprecedented demonstrations against Covid restrictions.
Ed Lawrence was beaten and arrested by Shanghai police while covering anti-government rallies.
As China cracks down on protests. demonstrators adopt blank scraps of paper as their calling card.
For three years the patience of one billion Chinese was stretched with lockdowns - now it's snapped.
Protests have broken out in China over its strict Covid lockdown measures.
Mass protests against strict Covid curbs have been building for weeks - here's what you need to know.
Authorities are stopping anyone taking photos at the Shanghai Covid protest site.
Marcus Rashford scores twice as England beat Wales to qualify top of Group B but Rob Page's men exit.
Marcus Rashford is showing his return to form after a painful road is almost complete, writes Phil McNulty.
Founder Stewart Rhodes and one other member, Kelly Meggs, were both found guilty on the rare charge.
One in every 26 trains has been cancelled this year, which on top of strikes are adding to passengers' woes.
The "I Want To Live" project says it is getting up to 100 enquiries a day from invading troops.
The hoofed mammals from across the Gulf strut their stuff at a very different "World Cup".
The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority finds a lack of Asian egg and black sperm donors.
The action is the latest in a series of walkouts and will affect deliveries of letters and parcels.
Richard Drax is facing demands to pay compensation for the role of his ancestors in the slave trade.
Speaking in the Commons, Olena Zelenska compared Ukraine's plight to that of the UK during World War Two.
Cancer centres and children's hospitals among services affected by 15 and 20 December walkouts.
The business secretary says wind turbines are now "so big" they cannot be built on land.
A report says 39,000 people may also have been given incorrect PCR results from a private lab.
Alishah doesn't qualify for free school meals, but her parents are among many struggling with lunch costs.
Many households are seeing their energy bills going up despite the power they use going down.
How small businesses are using savings clubs to help customers spread the cost of Christmas
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
Wednesday's papers hail England's victory, and a landmark moment for Alzheimer's research.
Four people from Leicester tell BBC News about life in the city and how it’s changed.
As part of the Online Safety Bill, all sites that publish pornography will have to age-check their users.
Residents say they are already struggling to cope with soaring energy prices and inflation.
Why is bird flu so bad this year and why are scientists so concerned?
Searches for the word have spiked by 1,740% this year, according to the Merriam-Webster Dictionary.
About 115,000 postal workers are taking part in the dispute with Royal Mail.
The owners of Night & Day are in court to appeal against a Noise Abatement Notice from the council.
Lockdowns and school closures left children at home with poor parents, desperate to make money.
Some Ugandans have been attacking the government's efforts, even denying the Ebola virus's existence.
The actor talks about the importance of cinema and its history as she receives a film archive award.
What will one man's unprecedented status as both top influencer and chief executive mean for the Twitter?
Watch highlights as Marcus Rashford and Phil Foden lead England to a 3-0 victory against Wales in their Group B match at the World Cup.
All-rounder Liam Livingstone will make his Test debut in England's first Test against Pakistan in Rawalpindi on Thursday.
Superb performances from Marcus Rashford and Phil Foden against Wales will give Gareth Southgate a selection headache for England.
The United States are in the World Cup last 16 - but will Christian Pulisic be with them when they take on the Netherlands on Saturday?
Watch the best of Marcus Rashford's "devastating" performance in England's 3-0 victory against Wales in the World Cup.
Cody Gakpo has made a big impact at the World Cup, with goals in all three of the Netherlands' group games, and can go 'to the moon and back' according to his captain Virgil van Dijk.
Tiger Woods joins Rory McIlroy in calling for Greg Norman to quit as boss of the breakaway LIV Golf Tour.
Captain Gareth Bale says he will continue playing for Wales for "as long as I'm wanted" after defeat by England sealed their World Cup elimination.
Watch as Marcus Rashford scores England's 100th World Cup goal to put them 3-0 up against Wales in their Group B match at the World Cup.
Stephanie Frappart will lead an all-female refereeing team in taking charge of a men's World Cup game for the first time.
Fans across the nations have been glued to their TV screens as they battled it out in the World Cup.
The United States win their World Cup grudge match against Iran as Christian Pulisic scores the winner to set up a last-16 tie with the Netherlands.
Tensions were high again as Iran and the US headed towards their latest showdown at the World Cup.
Platinum-selling British rapper Stormzy sends out a rallying cry to Gareth Southgate's England squad ahead of their final World Cup Group B match against Wales
England manager Gareth Southgate is asked to explain the rivalry between the Three Lions and Wales as the teams prepare to meet at the World Cup.
England are on the brink of a place in the last 16 of the World Cup, but who did you pick to take on Wales on Tuesday?
Phil on his experience as a football fan in a country where same sex relationships are criminalised.
A group of Iranian football fans opposed to the regime are in Qatar to make their voices heard.
State media are going to great lengths to stop Chinese protests being seen - even overseas.
A palace aide steps down over remarks made to Ngozi Fulani at a reception hosted by the Queen Consort.
The singer-songwriter, behind some of the group's biggest hits, dies after an illness, her family says.
Argentina comprehensively beat Poland to top their group as the former edged through in second place on goal difference.
Prince William and Catherine arrive in the US ahead of the Earthshot Prize award ceremony.
Julie Davis tells the BBC she wants more information from the investigation to find her son, Levi.
Little Simz and Knucks tie for the main prize, while Craig David wins outstanding contribution.
Woman, 85, endured "agonising" wait, with paramedics warning problems likely to worsen.
Yusuf Mahmud Nazir died after he was sent home from Rotherham Hospital.
The US military says Abu al-Hassan al-Qurayshi was killed by rebels in southern Syria last month.
Citizens Advice says homeowners and pensioners are among those increasingly seeking debt advice.
The measure permits police to deploy robots equipped with explosives in extreme circumstances.
Batteries thrown into household rubbish bins cause about 700 fires a year in waste facilities, a survey suggests.
The Twitter boss says he met Apple's chief Tim Cook after he criticised the company.
Gemma Jones has epileptic fits most days due to worrying about her daughter and the cost of living.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
A Buckingham Palace reception is overtaken by a racism row that could scarcely have come at a worse time.
The late Queen's confidante, and Prince William's godmother, resigns from her role as a palace aide.
Thursday's papers focus on the race row embroiling Buckingham Palace, and a warning over Covid in the UK.
Western leaders say Russia's attacks on Ukrainian infrastructure are illegal, but what does the law say?
Families of three women, each killed by an abusive partner, tell the BBC how their loved ones were let down.
Each of the UK's 31 million taxpayers may have to pay £200 to bail out the failed energy company.
The world's largest volcano, in Hawaii, is erupting for the first time in almost forty years.
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage claims London, Birmingham and Manchester are "minority white".
Militia leader Stewart Rhodes could face two decades in prison. It took his son years to escape him.
About 115,000 postal workers are taking part in the dispute with Royal Mail.
Why is bird flu so bad this year and why are scientists so concerned?
The final games in Group C will go down as one of the most dramatic evenings at any World Cup.
Defender Ben White leaves England's World Cup squad in Qatar to return home for personal reasons and is not expected to return for the remainder of the tournament.
A decision on whether the first Test between Pakistan and England will go ahead as scheduled will be taken on Thursday morning.
Argentina complete a turnaround from the shock opening World Cup loss to Saudi Arabia by qualifying for the last 16 in impressive style against Poland.
Luis Chavez gives Mexico a two-goal lead over Saudi Arabia with a "perfect" free-kick.
Ronnie O'Sullivan is out of the Scottish Open after a shock third-round loss to Gary Wilson in Edinburgh.
A late consolation goal for Saudi Arabia in their group C game with Mexico meant Poland secured second place in the group on goal difference.
BBC Sport's Phil McNulty analyses a night that saw Argentina 'stand up' at the World Cup against a fortunate Poland.
Teams will be wondering how they can stop England - the World Cup's top scorers - following their impressive passage to the knockout stages, says Alan Shearer.
Tartan Army members have made their mark at the tournament despite Scotland's absence.
England face Senegal in the last 16 of the World Cup on Sunday at 19:00 GMT - here is what you need to know.
Australian fans party through the night as the unfancied Socceroos stun Denmark to reach the World Cup last 16.
Tunisia record a remarkable victory over defending world champions France, but it is not enough to seal qualification to the World Cup last 16.
BBC Sport speaks to supporters about Abubakar Abbas, who has gone viral as the 'metro man', for directing fans at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
Former Wales captain Ashley Williams explains why Rob Page needs to decide on a new direction to take his team to the 2024 European Championship in Germany.
England match-winner Marcus Rashford is showing his return to form with a painful road almost complete, writes Phil McNulty.
BBC Sport looks at which teams have already booked their place in the World Cup knockout stages - and who could join them.
Away from the fan zones, Qataris are gathering to watch the first World Cup to take place in the Middle East.
Wales fans remain upbeat after a first World Cup appearance in 64 years ends at the group stage.
Stephanie Frappart will lead an all-female on-field refereeing team in taking charge of a men's World Cup game for the first time.
The United States are in the World Cup last 16 - but will Christian Pulisic be with them when they take on the Netherlands on Saturday?
After the thrill of reaching a first World Cup for 64 years, Wales' early departure from Qatar leaves question marks over the direction Rob Page now takes his ageing squad.
The men in red lost 3-0 to England at the Ahmad bin Ali Stadium in Al Rayyan, Qatar.
Protesters hurled debris and glass at police in the latest expression of anger at zero-Covid rules.
Protests in Guangzhou continue a week of unrest in the country, aimed at the country's zero-Covid policy.
Western casualty estimates suggest about 100,000 Ukrainian soldiers have been killed or wounded.
Whistleblowers allege they were punished for raising concerns at one of England's worst performing trusts.
The by-election in the City of Chester is the first since the prime minister took office.
A Commons committee says there should be "significant" punishments for ministers who break the rules.
Research for the BBC shows the cost of Christmas dinner staples has risen to more than £30.
The UK government is on course to miss its target for signing deals, as exporter numbers fall.
Scientists did the study for the government to better understand possible exposure to shoppers.
A retrial of Bruce Lehrmann - who denies rape - would endanger his accuser's life, prosecutors say.
The first trailer comes amid a race row sparked by comments made to a black guest at a royal reception.
The Prince and Princess of Wales are in Boston to hand out awards for their Earthshot Prize.
Strep A is a highly contagious bacterial infection that can be extremely serious, but is treatable.
A CD recording of live show which fell between shelves has been discovered during a tidy-up.
BBC Analysis editor Ros Atkins looks at why millions of UK homes don’t have adequate home insulation – and what the government plans to do about it.
Citizens Advice says homeowners and pensioners are among those increasingly seeking debt advice.
More people are foraging from the land as a way to make ends meet, says an experienced forager.
Friday's papers focus on the release of Prince Harry and Meghan's Netflix trailer, and Christmas strikes.
It is a question that ethnic minorities are constantly asked, but why exactly is it so loaded?
Driven to breaking point by zero Covid, educated young Chinese are questioning the Communist Party's rule.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The Children in Need and Am I Being Unreasonable? star on herding celebrities and improvising.
Who is the Ross, Skye and Lochaber MP, and why has he stepped down as the SNP's Westminster leader?
When ambulance crews bring patients to hospital they are meant to be able to handover their patients to A&E staff within 15 minutes.
How are rising interest rates changing the housing market around the UK?
The platform is said to be hosting hundreds of videos that celebrate the Russian Wagner group.
Western leaders say Russia's attacks on Ukrainian infrastructure are illegal, but what does the law say?
Emancipation sees the actor play a slave who escapes a plantation and flees through Louisiana's swamps.
Taronga Zoo, in Australia, has released footage of the incident, which happened last month.
The world's largest volcano, in Hawaii, is erupting for the first time in almost forty years.
Christine McVie, who played with Fleetwood Mac and wrote some of their most famous songs, has died.
Studies show less than 5% of the music tech industry is female. This business is trying to change that.
Made in the 1950s, it was the BBC's first documentary about gay men but the work was later lost.
Germany crashed out of the Fifa World Cup on a remarkable night of drama despite victory over Costa Rica at Al Bayt Stadium.
Like the Fosbury Flop in high jump or Netherlands' brand of 'total football', England could be changing Test cricket forever, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Japan score through Ao Tanaka to take the lead against Spain after a VAR check determines the ball did not go out of play as it was pulled back across goal.
Germany crash out of the World Cup on a remarkable night of drama despite a 4-2 victory over Costa Rica at Al Bayt Stadium.
Underdog Derek Chisora says he does not care what the critics think as he looks to upset Tyson Fury and win WBC heavyweight title.
Uruguay striker Luis Suarez refuses to apologise for his deliberate handball on the goalline against Ghana in the 2010 World Cup.
After Stephanie Frappart took charge of a men's World Cup match, could the Premier League see a first female referee in the next few seasons?
Japan reach the World Cup last 16 as Germany crash out, but should Japan's winner against Spain have counted on a dramatic night?
Belgium's golden generation fails to deliver again at the World Cup - is this the end of an era for the Red Devils?
Comeback kings Japan show they cannot be written off as they reach the last 16 of a World Cup full of unexpected results.
Morocco end 36 years of World Cup hurt by progressing to the knockout stage - then set their sights on going all the way.
Germany's World Cup exit in the first round leaves them on the brink of joining football's 'B list', writes Phil McNulty.
Japan stage another extraordinary World Cup comeback to reach the last 16, with Spain fortunate to join them in the knockout stage.
Belgium are knocked out of the World Cup at the group stage as Croatia progress at their expense with a goalless draw in Qatar.
Morocco edge past Canada to top Group F and go through to the World Cup knockout stage for the first time in 36 years.
Having females referees at the World Cup helps send a positive message over women's rights in Qatar, says Stephanie Frappart.
In Qatar for the World Cup, Sheldon Edwards - also known as HD Cutz - describes life as a footballers' barber.
Organisers promised a sustainable World Cup, but daily shuttle flights are generating huge CO2 emissions.
For the first time, a men's World Cup match will be officiated by a woman, inspiring young referees.
There has been at least one death of a child in Wales but the data is not yet available for other nations.
Another UK child has died from this highly contagious infection. What should people look out for?
The G7 agrees a cap of $60 a barrel on exported Russian crude, after the EU gave its backing.
Four Palestinians were shot dead by Israeli troops during confrontations on one day this week.
Friends from Oman who turn CO2 into rock and a UK firm making packaging from seaweed are among the winners.
The Bolton comedian makes a triumphant return in the first date of his first tour for 12 years.
Cameroon are out of the World Cup despite securing a dramatic victory over Brazil at Lusail Stadium in their final Group G match.
"I must be brutally honest with you," Sanna Marin says. "We would be in trouble without the US."
Takeoff, youngest of the rap group Migos, was killed last month outside a Houston bowling alley.
Harry Bolton, 19, was found dead at his flat in Hull on 7 October 2021, an inquest hears.
He was recently told to pay almost $1.5bn (£1.2bn) for claiming a 2012 school shooting was a hoax.
Brit nominee Pa Salieu attacked a man in Coventry shortly after his best friend was stabbed to death.
A scientist says the fossil is "one of the most important found in the last few decades".
Homeowners are worried about rising mortgage costs - but lenders must help those struggling.
Football clubs are supporting their communities as costs rise - from food banks to debt advice.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
The staple grocery is being rationed in some supermarkets - but why are there so few around?
"I spend most Monday evenings in tears," says Father Dominic Cawdell, of St Peter's in Flintshire.
Funmilayo Akinriboya runs a support group for African, Caribbean and Portuguese communities.
The TV chef and rapper shares his big three tips for making the most of your weekly food shop.
The government has extended the windfall tax on oil and gas companies.
Saturday's front pages focus on the rise of the bacteria infection and the first extracts from the former health secretary's diaries.
Disabled people face a severe housing shortage as English cities fail to plan for accessibility.
Composer Sir James MacMillan was asked in 2011 to write new music for the funeral of Queen Elizabeth.
A special body suit for people with cerebral palsy, multiple sclerosis and strokes has had some remarkable results.
South Africans wait with bated breath as ANC leaders adjourn crisis talks.
Driven to breaking point by zero Covid, educated young Chinese are questioning the Communist Party's rule.
Some users are finding the next generation of mobile internet slow and patchy, three years after it launched.
South Africa's ruling party is discussing the president's future, after corruption allegations.
Egypt has a high Caesarean section rate, with doctors accused of using it for cash and convenience.
Friday's papers focus on the release of Prince Harry and Meghan's Netflix trailer, and Christmas strikes.
As Brazil fever hits Lusail Stadium in Doha, BBC Sport travels to their group finale against Cameroon with their thousands of fans.
We asked you to rank the players in every World Cup group stage game, here is your best XI and the standout individual performers.
Twelver years on from their controversial meeting in South Africa, Luis Suarez once again stole the show as Ghana took on Uruguay at the World Cup.
England will need "a few crazy moments" to go their way to win the first Test against Pakistan, according to all-rounder Will Jacks.
Tyson Fury weighs in heavier than Derek Chisora and warns to 'expect carnage' in their WBC heavyweight title fight on Saturday at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
The World Cup has had plenty of goals, shocks and memorable moments - but how much do you remember from the group stage?
BBC Sport examines the main things to come out of a thrilling group stage at the World Cup in Qatar.
Switzerland seal their place in the World Cup last 16 following an entertaining five-goal victory over Serbia to round off the group stage.
South Korea's players are overwhelmed with joy, while Luis Suarez and Uruguay cried tears of disbelief following a dramatic conclusion to Group H.
Hwang Hee-chan scores a late winner for South Korea to beat Portugal 2-1 and reach the last 16 of the World Cup.
BBC Sport and Opta analyse the 279 World Cup shootout penalties to see the best ways to score your kick.
Netherlands head coach Louis van Gaal says the "negative" criticism of his team will not distract them from trying to win the World Cup.
Germany's elimination in the World Cup group stages for the second time in a row has led to a scathing reaction in the media at home.
With no images released to show why Japan's controversial winner against Spain was not ruled out, fans online have taken matters into their own hands.
Shahd says authorities told her to remove breast tissue that grew after she began taking oestrogen.
Ghana face Uruguay in the Qatar World Cup, bringing back memories of their controversial meeting in the 2010 quarter-finals.
Comeback kings Japan show they cannot be written off as they reach the last 16 of a World Cup full of unexpected results.
The home secretary says Michael Lockwood is the subject of a probe into a historical allegation.
Dean Burns urges other parents with any concerns about their children's health to get them checked.
Nick Robinson looks at the biggest risks taken by Liz Truss during her seven weeks in No 10 - and why they did not succeed.
Cyril Ramaphosa is accused of keeping large sums of cash on his farm then covering up its theft.
The measure - due to come into force on Monday - intensifies pressure on Russia over the Ukraine invasion.
Brazil great Pele is "still undergoing treatment and remains stable" according to a statement from his hospital in Sao Paulo.
Lionel Messi produces a moment of magic in his 1,000th career game as Argentina beat Australia to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
Tyson Fury retains his WBC world heavyweight title with a brutal 10th-round stoppage of Derek Chisora and set up a potential undisputed showdown with Oleksandr Usyk.
Of 197 children taken in by Kent County Council this year, 39 are missing, figures show.
Elnaz Rekabi became a hero of the protest movement after competing abroad with her hair uncovered.
Russia captured Mariupol earlier this year, and the images suggest it is consolidating its presence.
The actress tells the BBC ministers should make firms enforce strict age limits on their platforms.
The 17th Century crown has been removed from the Tower of London to be altered for the Coronation.
With money tight, there are ways you can organise a Christmas party without the financial hangover.
Experts give tips on how to make your Christmas cheaper, greener and just as joyful.
The Cultural Food Hub is making sure each bag given matches the needs of the person receiving it.
"I spend most Monday evenings in tears," says Father Dominic Cawdell, of St Peter's in Flintshire.
Sunday's headlines focus on England's World Cup match, and alleged tensions between Prince William and Prince Harry.
How one woman survived a notorious kidnapping, only to be traumatised by how she was treated afterwards.
As actress Kate Winslet says more can be done to protect children, is the Online Safety Bill enough, asks Laura Kuenssberg?
The Callisto Protocol has been cancelled in Japan for being too gruesome but its makers are unapologetic.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The British Museum is said to have held secret talks with Greece about returning the sculptures.
Huge growth in technology means women are desperately needed to fill more jobs, businesses say.
England may have broken records with the bat, but it is their effort with the ball that could see them to victory in the first Test in Pakistan, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Watch highlights as goals from Lionel Messi and Julian Alvarez help Argentina reach the quarter-finals with victory against a spirited Australia side.
Louis van Gaal is not to everyone's taste in the Netherlands but his side countered their critics to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
Jon Lewis is set to take charge of England for the first time on their tour of the Caribbean - what challenges does he face in the role?
Gareth Southgate says England's tag as 'favourites' means nothing as the Three Lions prepare to face Senegal in the World Cup last-16 in Qatar.
Rio Ferdinand describes Lionel Messi's game against Australia as the "best individual performance" of the World Cup, as Argentina won 2-1 to reach the quarter-finals.
BBC pundit Jermaine Jenas explains why Senegal have a winning mentality after enjoying two huge triumphs already this year.
England are through to the last 16 of the World Cup but if they want to go further they must overcome a 'dangerous' Senegal side who are hoping to make Africa proud.
On his 1,000th appearance in professional football, Lionel Messi stepped up again to keep Argentina's World Cup dream alive.
Watch Memphis Depay score for the Netherlands after a brilliant 21-pass move against the USA.
England will meet France in the World Cup quarter-finals on Saturday after an impressive demolition of Senegal at Al Bayt Stadium.
Raheem Sterling is leaving the England World Cup squad in Qatar after a break-in that occurred at his home in the UK while his family were in.
The union rejected an offer from train companies which included an 8% pay rise over two years.
Sir Keir Starmer is to launch a report proposing far-reaching reforms to the UK's political system.
As 10 men finally go to trial over the 2016 Brussels attacks, the BBC speaks to victims' families.
The father of seven-year-old Hanna Roap, describes how his "bubbly"daughter died within hours.
Girl band Flo, pop singer Cat Burns and dance act Piri & Tommy are all tipped for success in 2023.
Sofia lives in cramped conditions with her boyfriend and his mother after strikes destroyed their home.
Nadhim Zahawi says President Putin "wants to see" strikes, as he outlines plans to avoid disruption.
Ngozi Fulani told the BBC her encounter with Lady Susan Hussey was like an "interrogation".
The move would mark a concession to protesters but it has not been confirmed by other authorities.
Aminu Adamu Mohammed, 24, describes the experience as the ''darkest hours'' of his life.
England's 3-0 win against Senegal at the World Cup dominates Monday's front pages.
Actor Maxine Peake stages pioneering Parliamentarian Betty Boothroyd's story as a comedy musical.
Student Chris explores trying to change the way he speaks, out of a concern his accent may hold him back.
The astronauts installed new solar panels to give the International Space Station more power.
The repeal of a gay sex ban ends a period where authorities actively targeted homosexual men.
David Gilliver has won awards for his Macro photography putting tiny figurines into imaginative scenes.
Huge growth in technology means women are desperately needed to fill more jobs, businesses say.
Jude Bellingham's record-setting performance against Senegal led England team-mate Phil Foden to declare the 19-year-old "will be the best midfielder in the world".
Watch highlights as England produce a dominant display to beat Senegal 3-0 and reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
Watch a different view of Jude Bellingham's game-changing performance for England as he played a key role in their opening two goals against Senegal.
Captain Ben Stokes and coach Brendon McCullum are "pioneers" in their approach to Test cricket, according to England assistant Paul Collingwood.
Watch the best of Kylian Mbappe's "explosive" performance as France beat Poland 3-1 to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
Former Formula 1 driver Patrick Tambay, most famous for his time with Ferrari in the 1980s, dies aged 73.
England's emphatic victory over Senegal to set up a World Cup quarter-final with France was more proof of Gareth Southgate's sure touch in team selection, writes Phil McNulty.
Football fans turned out in droves across England to watch the Three Lions triumph over Senegal.
Jude Bellingham is voted the star player by BBC Sport readers as England beat Senegal to progress to the quarter-finals of the Fifa World Cup in Qatar.
Olivier Giroud becomes France's all-time top scorer, but he is upstaged by the performance of Kylian Mbappe in their last-16 win over Poland.
England manager Gareth Southgate praised his side's "ruthless" display against Senegal that sets up an "acid test" game against defending champions France in the World Cup quarter-finals.
England captain Harry Kane scores his first goal of the 2022 World Cup to double their lead against Senegal in the last 16.
England will take on France in a mouth-watering World Cup quarter-final clash on Saturday. Here's what you need to know.
Preview followed by live coverage of Monday's Fifa World Cup second-round match between Brazil and South Korea.
The union is urging its members to reject a new offer, which will be put to a ballot.
Fewer banks and shops, but beauty parlours prosper - BBC analysis of Ordnance Survey data has found.
A child in Hampshire has died of strep A, officials confirm, bringing the total deaths to eight.
The latest deadly strikes on Ukrainian infrastructure caused significant disruption to the power grid.
Yields of tomatoes and other crops are set to hit a record low as farmers struggle with surging costs.
People are urged to look out for friends and family amid unseasonably cold temperatures this week.
Prince Harry describes the "pain and suffering of women marrying into" the Royal Family in a new clip.
Brazil deliver an ominous message to their World Cup rivals with a dazzling display of attacking brilliance to dismantle South Korea and set up a quarter-final against Croatia.
The ship fires its main engine near the Moon, committing itself to a return to Earth on Sunday.
Ex-health secretary accuses Tory peer of being threatening when trying to secure a contract for a firm.
Celebrities from across the world enjoyed an evening of glitz and glamour at the awards.
Kimberley set up Tots in Need during a Covid lockdown after seeing a need for baby banks in Walsall.
Reaction to Prince Harry and Meghan's new documentary dominates some of Tuesday's front pages.
British Jews talk about the dilemma of listening to the rapper after his anti-Semitic comments.
Orla Guerin reports from Port-au-Prince, where Haitians live in fear of killings, kidnappings and rape.
Industrial action has been announced for December and January.
A landslide public vote chooses the 2022 word of the year from options prepared by lexicographers.
If you want to know what the government's plan is, look at what it does rather than what it says.
The BBC speaks to people who have had difficulty getting refunds from the electronic money firm.
As 10 men finally go to trial over the 2016 Brussels attacks, the BBC speaks to victims' families.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
Surbhi Gupta, who was laid off in the US, on the uncertainties she and other visa holders are dealing with.
Brazil's dominant performance against Croatia in the last 16 of the World Cup is the biggest indicator of their prowess during this year's tournament, writes Phil McNulty.
If there were any lingering doubts, England's first-Test win against Pakistan fully vindicates the philosophy of Ben Stokes and Brendon McCullum, writes Stephan Shemilt
Carnival dancing, world-class goals, party tricks in abundance and plenty in yellow enjoying themselves - this was Brazil at their magical best.
Croatia's experience tells as they win on penalties but it is heartbreak again for Japan in the World Cup last 16.
First-half goals from Vinicius Jr, Neymar, Richarlison and Lucas Paqueta book Brazil's place in the quarter-finals of the World Cup after a dominant 4-1 victory over South Korea.
Watch as Brazil put on a scintillating display of football and dancing during their 4-1 victory over South Korea.
Warren Gatland says he is putting his legacy on the line by agreeing to become Wales coach for a second time as he replaces Wayne Pivac.
Fifa opens disciplinary proceedings against Uruguay's FA and four players over their conduct at the end of their final World Cup group game against Ghana.
Before Spain's World Cup last-16 tie against Morocco, Spanish football expert Guillem Balague takes a look inside the world of coach Luis Enrique.
England face France in a mouth-watering World Cup quarter-final on Saturday - here's all the key details.
The 19-year-old midfielder celebrated England's 3-0 win with his parents Mark and Denise.
Former England captain Alan Shearer says the Three Lions have nothing to fear about the teams left in the World Cup.
Explosive, tempting, shocking - the French newspapers have gone heavy on the adjectives as they await a World Cup quarter-final against England.
Why England's emphatic win over Senegal to set up a World Cup quarter-final with France was more proof of Gareth Southgate's sure touch in team selection.
The business is synonymous with the former president, but neither he or his family were on trial.
The government says it will rewrite a planning rule restricting new turbines in England.
Health officials advise warming living rooms in the day and bedrooms at night during the cold spell.
A taskforce has also been set up to unlock spare beds and theatres in the private sector.
Portugal coach Fernando Santos drops Cristiano Ronaldo and is rewarded with a hat-trick from replacement Goncalo Ramos as they beat Switzerland to reach last eight.
The north African team reach the quarter-finals for the first time after beating Spain on penalties.
Cristina Fernández is found guilty of fraud over the award of public work contracts to a friend.
The family of Lisa Dorrian say she does not deserve to be out there alone, as Crimestoppers offer £20,000.
Experts uncover a "once-in-a-lifetime" discovery near Northampton of international significance.
Stephen Bear denies voyeurism and two counts of disclosing private, sexual photographs and films.
Open AI's ChatGPT generates convincing human-like answers in response to human prompts.
The presenter leaves the tent after three series helping oversee signature bakes and show stoppers.
The controversial brewer is told an advert for its fruit beers could mislead consumers.
Cold weather payments are available to some as temperatures stay low.
The impacts of the upcoming strike by ambulance staff dominate some of Wednesday's front pages.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
Holiday hotspots like Bali are still recovering from the pandemic - now new laws could derail them again.
There have been different claims made about how much rail workers get paid.
The government awarded thousands of contracts to private companies during the pandemic.
Everything you need to know about director James Cameron's long-awaited second trip to Pandora.
Fewer banks and shops but more tattoo studios and beauty salons since 2020 - how does your High Street compare?
As a six-month trial of working 80% of hours for 100% of pay ends, some firms say there is no going back.
Booming just a few years ago, the market for plant-based proteins is going through a tough patch.
Vivien Prior's grandmother fell pregnant while working as a housekeeper for a priest in Scotland.
The duo are being recognised by Radio 1 for their outstanding contribution to dance music.
British Jews talk about the dilemma of listening to the rapper after his antisemitic comments.
Jan Mustafa's daughter says she's still dealing with grief after her body was found in a freezer.
Spain are out of the World Cup after losing on penalties to Morocco in the last 16, so what next for the team and manager Luis Enrique?
Morocco's history-making win is given the royal seal of approval with a call from their King after Achraf Hakimi’s penalty proves him the coolest man in the stadium.
From "the greatest team rugby has ever seen" to the worst season in more than a decade, Eddie Jones fell short of expectations in the end.
Andy Zaltzman assesses England's astonishing win over Pakistan and shows why it was one of the most exceptional Test matches of all time.
Watch his best moments as 21-year-old Goncalo Ramos, who replaced Cristiano Ronaldo in the starting line-up for Portugal, runs riot against Switzerland, netting a hat-trick in their 6-1 victory.
Achraf Hakimi scores the winning penalty to send Morocco into the quarter-finals of the World Cup at the expense of Spain.
Michael O'Neill agrees to return for a second spell as Northern Ireland manager after successfully concluding talks with the Irish FA.
A horrific gang rape and murder shocked the world in 2012 - has anything changed for women in India?
BBC journalists have been able to identify more people killed in Iran, and research confirmed that high numbers come from ethnic minority groups.
The innovative BBC season reflects on a decade of change in a tumultuous year which has seen women taking centre stage.
From stealthing to downblousing, the coining of specific terms is allowing women around the world to share experiences of abuse that have traditionally gone unrecognised - but what is actually changing?
Achraf Hakimi makes himself a hero with a chipped winning penalty as Morocco stun Spain in a shootout after a goalless draw to reach the World Cup quarter-finals.
Cristiano Ronaldo is reduced to the role of the superstar nobody wants as Portugal follow Man Utd's lead in deciding they might just be better off without him, writes Phil McNulty
As England prepare to face France in the World Cup quarter-finals, here are some key things to know about Les Bleus' star forward Kylian Mbappe.
Former Barcelona and Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o apologises after an altercation with a man following a match at the World Cup in Qatar.
Croatia are ready to challenge "terrifying favourites" Brazil in their World Cup quarter-final on Friday, says manager Zlatko Dalic.
The South Korean ambassador to Brazil hosted a party as the two countries clashed in the World Cup.
England comfortably beat Senegal to set up a quarter-final tie with France, so who would you choose in your Three Lions starting XI?
Eigon Oliver tells BBC Sport's Nesta McGregor what life is like as a Neymar lookalike.
Why Brazil's dominant performance against South Korea in the last 16 of the World Cup is the biggest indicator of their prowess during this tournament.
South Korea coach Paulo Bento says he is leaving his role following his team's elimination from the 2022 World Cup against Brazil.
A shortage of beds is causing severe overcrowding in A&E and putting patients at risk, doctors warn.
The government is exploring the idea of stopping some emergency service workers from walking out.
Motorists are being urged to take precautions amid cold weather alerts and warnings across the UK.
Three years after winning in the High Court, hundreds of sub-postmasters are still waiting for compensation.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Netflix series promises the inside story of why they left their royal roles.
Anyone receiving change in post offices across the UK may get a King Charles 50p coin for the first time.
Julian Knight suspended as Conservative MP after complaint made to Metropolitan Police, party spokeswoman says
Climate experts and Tory MPs argued the Cumbria mine would scupper UK efforts to lower emissions.
The Russian leader insists his country would only use its nuclear arsenal in response to a strike.
Ex-President Pedro Castillo is impeached and accused of rebellion after he tried to dissolve parliament.
Veronica Ryan's winning works include giant sculptures of Caribbean fruits on a street in Hackney.
Genetic material extracted from soil has revealed the ancient plants and animals of North Greenland.
Lottery numbers, the Queen's death and elections couldn't outperform US search interest in one thing...
Some hints and tips to help you manage your children's Christmas expectations.
Prepping for Christmas in advance could also see you make big savings on food and drink.
The UK is being hit with the first major cold snap of the winter amid rising fuel costs.
Cold Weather Payments are available to some if temperatures stay low.
Airport border force strikes and Matt Hancock's decision to stand down dominate Thursday's papers.
A Danish investigation will look at a historic scandal in Greenland, but women tell the BBC of recent involuntary contraception.
The ITVX series tackles a serious subject with a big dollop of searing British humour.
The Duke and Duchess are releasing a new documentary as part of a lucrative deal with Netflix
Thousands of people face disruption to their festive travel plans due to railway strikes.
There are concerns the revised criminal code could threaten democracy, human rights and free speech.
In recent years, some world leaders have been making arguments for countries becoming more self-reliant.
Sarah Chan has overcome racism and violence to become the first woman to manage African scouting for an NBA team.
A visual guide to what is causing the cold snap across the UK and how unusual it is for temperatures to fall so low in December.
England are considering sticking with Ollie Pope behind the stumps for the second Test against Pakistan in Multan starting on Friday.
After seven years in charge, Eddie Jones' reign is a difficult one to assess, writes rugby union correspondent Chris Jones.
Alan Shearer sits down with Liam Loftus to answer questions from the BBC Sport audience about England, Jude Bellingham and whether "prime" Alan could get into this England team.
Arsenal remain in control of their Champions League group as they navigate a tricky victory over Juventus at Emirates Stadium.
Vittorio Pozzo is the only coach to have won successive men's World Cup titles but remains relatively little known - for one reason.
Double Olympic taekwondo champion Steven Lopez has life ban for sexual abuse claims overturned on appeal by the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
The Lawn Tennis Association is fined £820,000 by the ATP for banning Russian and Belarusian players from this summer's grass-court events.
Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo, Kylian Mbappe, Neymar - all the big names are ready to do battle in a stellar World Cup quarter-finals line-up.
Kyle Walker says he will "not roll out a red carpet" for Kylian Mbappe when England meet France in their World Cup quarter-final.
Outside the stadiums and on the streets, music and dance acts from around the globe are keeping fans entertained long after the final whistle.
Croatia take on Brazil, the Netherlands face Argentina, Morocco meet Portugal and England are up against France in the World Cup quarter-finals - here's all the key details.
BBC Sport and Opta analyse the 279 World Cup shootout penalties to see the best ways to score your kick.
Harry Maguire says England "really believe" they can win the World Cup in Qatar, unlike in 2018.
BBC Sport takes a look inside a sensory room at a World Cup stadium in Qatar.
Fifa says it is "deeply saddened" following the reported death of a migrant worker at a World Cup facility in Qatar.
The north African team beat Spain on penalties in their World Cup last 16 match.
Before kick-off in Portugal's 6-1 win over Switzerland, all the talk was about Cristiano Ronaldo. By full-time, it was all about 21-year-old Goncalo Ramos.
The historic first World Cup in the Middle East has been controversial, but how have the travelling supporters found the host nation?
The last 16 of the World Cup had it all - but how much do you remember? Take our Question of Sport quiz.
An annual poll suggests that women, on average worldwide, are getting angrier. Why might this be?
The 19-year-old's family say justice is "complete" as US citizen Anne Sacoolas is sentenced.
Rules introduced after the financial crisis in 2008 aimed at limiting risks will be eased.
Brittney Griner flies home to the US while notorious arms dealer Viktor Bout returns to Russia.
The couple tell their "truth" about love, the media and racism, but many questions remain unanswered.
The Union of Jewish Students says it has lost confidence in the National Union of Students.
Millions of pieces of mail have been piling up ahead of the action, the CWU union says.
The Russian president has vowed to continue attacking Ukraine's energy infrastructure.
EU ministers vote to admit Croatia to the Schengen zone, but Romania and Bulgaria must wait.
Many surgeries are struggling to deal with increased demands as strep A cases rise, doctors say.
Microsoft said it would fight to buy Activision Blizzard, the studio behind games such as Call of Duty.
Temperatures across the UK plummet overnight, dipping as low as -9.1C in the Scottish Highlands.
The Seattle-area killings made headlines after TikTok refused to remove video of the victims' bodies.
A Canadian judge approves legal action by parents who say their children were addicted to the video game.
From phones to exercise bikes, the market for second-hand kit is booming as shoppers search for bargains.
As the cost of living crisis bites, butcher Gary Peline has bought a mobile shop to keep his business going.
Some hints and tips to help you manage your children's Christmas expectations.
These energy-efficient suggestions will keep the oven turned off.
Cold Weather Payments are available to some if temperatures stay low.
Reaction to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's new Netflix series dominates Friday's papers.
The BBC's home and legal correspondent Dominic Casciani explains the case in under three minutes.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Seychelles is one of the first countries to map its seagrasses nationwide, which are a huge store of carbon.
The US and Russia were willing to talk despite worsening relations - but there were limits to the deal.
Jimmy and Tommy Lindesay are covering the equivalent of a marathon every day for six months.
Emancipation tells the true story of “Whipped Peter” and his escape during the US Civil War.
Two appetizing showdowns - Croatia v Brazil and Netherlands v Argentina - kick off the World Cup quarter-final stage on Friday, and you can watch it all on the BBC.
The last survivor of the famous Dambusters raid of WW2.
A visual guide to what is causing the cold weather across the UK and how unusual it is for temperatures to fall so low in December.
Can Luke Modric inspire Croatia to a shock World Cup quarter-final victory against Brazil in Qatar on Friday?
Chelsea draw 1-1 at Real Madrid to miss chance to wrap up qualification for Women's Champions League quarter-finals.
England manager Gareth Southgate is not given enough credit for the job he has done, says midfielder Kalvin Phillips.
England are "just getting started" with their thrilling results and performances, according to assistant coach Marcus Trescothick.
Listen to commentary from French broadcaster TF1 as Olivier Giroud becomes France's leading men's scorer and Kylian Mbappe scores twice in their 3-1 last-16 win over Poland at the World Cup.
Luis Enrique leaves his role as Spain manager after their World Cup exit, with under-21s boss Luis de la Fuente the recommended replacement.
Louis van Gaal is one of the most decorated managers in football, but his biggest challenge has been off the pitch since being diagnosed with cancer two years ago.
There were no bombshells about the Royal Family in the first half of the Harry and Meghan series.
The BBC's Jonny Dymond analyses the footage shared in Harry and Meghan's Netflix documentary.
The first episodes of Harry and Meghan's new documentary have dropped, here's what to look out for.
Meghan and Harry's Netflix series featured a number of selfies of the pair, here are some of the best.
And, luckily for them, it happens to be one sung by one of the couple's best friends - Elton John.
The first three episodes of the six-part bombshell series Harry & Meghan have been released.
The Duke and Duchess are releasing a new documentary as part of a lucrative deal with Netflix
England and France are ready for their historic first knockout match in a men's tournament as they meet in the quarter-finals on the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
The trust has apologised to a woman for failing to admit a surgeon was responsible for a massive haemorrhage.
A visual guide to what is causing the cold weather across the UK and how unusual it is for temperatures to fall so low in December.
After he almost drowned, the star refocused on his music career and ended up singing at Eurovision.
Money, ID cards, flags, and even their own king: meet the Germans who refuse to recognise the state.
The former FTX boss says he would give anything to start a new business and repay crypto investors.
The couple's press secretary rejects claims they stepped back from royal life to protect their privacy.
J Alexander Kueng is already serving time for a federal sentence for violating Mr Floyd's civil rights.
Washington says it has seen reports that the countries are considering jointly producing drones.
President Joe Biden's administration tells Paul Whelan, convicted of espionage, to "keep the faith".
A new extinction list reveals grave conservation concern for a 'sea cow' that inspired tales of mermaids.
Sixteen children have now died with invasive strep A since September, health officials say.
Maximuscle founder Zef Eisenberg was killed attempting a land speed record at Elvington in 2020.
Nimco Ali says she's on a "completely different planet" from the home secretary during a broadcast interview.
Louise Morgan pays £71 a day for her two sons, Teddy and Dexter, to go to nursery.
Cold Weather Payments are available to some if temperatures stay low.
Saturday's front pages focus on the potential impact of upcoming strikes and England's World Cup quarter-final match against France.
The UK is being hit with the first major cold snap of the winter amid rising fuel costs.
Thousands gathered in Chicago at the 2022 Midwest FurFest, the world's 'largest' furry convention.
Maids in Qatar often work long hours without a day off, despite changes to employment law.
While scientists agree on the dire state of life on Earth, they don't always agree on how we should describe it.
Two British PMs have left office this year. So what do premiers do once they're no longer in power?
The BBC spoke to a striking worker on the picket line and someone who chose to work on Friday.
In October, James Corden was accused of stealing a Ricky Gervais joke on The Late Late Show.
A four-year-old who was fighting for her life with a strep A infection is recovering, her grandmother says.
About 115,000 postal workers are taking part in the dispute with Royal Mail.
Argentina's vast hordes of fans were finally able to celebrate as a chaotic, dramatic World Cup quarter-final against the Netherlands was won on penalties, writes Phil McNulty
Lionel Messi's World Cup dream lives on after Argentina edge out the Netherlands 4-3 on penalties after a hugely dramatic quarter-final finished 2-2 after extra-time at Lusail Stadium.
Watch the full penalty shootout as Argentina beat the Netherlands to progress to the World Cup semi-finals.
Pakistan leg-spinner Abrar Ahmed says he is "not a magician" after taking seven wickets on the first day of his Test debut against England.
Sky Brown, Jessica Gadirova and Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix are shortlisted for the BBC's Young Sports Personality 2022 award.
Brazil had danced into the quarter-finals of the World Cup but their dreams of a showpiece jig in the final ended in tears at Education City Stadium.
Watch the full penalty shootout as Croatia beat Brazil to progress to the World Cup semi-finals.
Where might the match be won when England meet reigning champions France in Saturday's tantalising World Cup quarter-final?
The World Cup's first temporary ground - Stadium 974 - will soon be dismantled. But what happens next?
France forward Kylian Mbappe is "ignoring the talk about him" before Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against England, says captain Hugo Lloris.
Opinion on Cristiano Ronaldo - a Portugal icon for two decades - has shifted quickly as a new band of stars emerge.
England are now established as genuine contenders as they prepare to meet World Cup holders France, says manager Gareth Southgate.
Honduras's president pledged to relax abortion laws, but an abortion-pill black market still thrives.
The US actress says she hasn’t landed a Hollywood role since revealing her MS diagnosis.
Harry Kane misses a late penalty as France beat England in their World Cup quarter-final to set up a semi-final against Morocco.
An explosion at a block of flats in St Helier leaves three people dead and a dozen missing.
New way of altering DNA is used to engineer an "exciting", experimental therapy for a 13-year girl.
Scotland and south-east and west of England bear the brunt with temperatures set to drop to -10C.
Supporters cheer as the North African side beats Portugal, defying expectations.
The Royal College of Nursing is calling on the government to negotiate with nurses and avoid strikes.
The UK wants better relations with nations which are neither bad guys nor allies, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
The actress died in hospital on Friday after surgery for a fall earlier in the week, her agent says.
Washington says it has seen reports that the countries are considering jointly producing drones.
Grant Wahl, 48, collapses suddenly while watching the Argentina-Netherlands game.
Yan Rachinsky, from rights group Memorial, tells the BBC he ignored the order from the Kremlin.
Prosecutors suspect the country tried to influence European Parliament decisions using bribery.
Mother-of-five Charlotte Chapman says positive attitude gets her through any tough times.
Louise Morgan pays £71 a day for her two sons, Teddy and Dexter, to go to nursery.
Pictures of captain Harry Kane cover the front pages after England's World Cup loss to France.
Roxy Rhodes, 37, fell into a bath full of scalding hot water when she was two.
After ten years, Ancient Rome sitcom Plebs is coming to an end with a feature-length finale.
Two female Afghan writers give a glimpse of how women have been coping since the fall of the regime.
The event was set up to replace an annual lion hunt due to waning numbers of the animal in Kenya.
West Side Story icon Rita Moreno says discrimination left her with an unfair share of rubbish film roles.
Leeds fighter Josh Warrington is stunned on home soil as Luis Alberto Lopez wins by majority decision to take the IBF featherweight world title.
BBC Sport's Jermaine Jenas and Martin Keown react to England's 2-1 defeat by France in the 2022 World Cup quarter-finals.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is keen to find a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo when the transfer window opens next month.
England are awarded a second penalty in their World Cup quarter-final against France after Theo Hernandez's elbow on Mason Mount, but Harry Kane blasts over from the spot.
Youssef En-Nesyri's first-half header gives Morocco a 1-0 win over Portugal as they make history and become the first ever African side to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
England manager Gareth Southgate said he needs time to "reflect" when asked about his future following his side's exit from the World Cup with a 2-1 defeat by France.
Harry Kane took responsibility for England's World Cup exit after missing a crucial penalty during their 2-1 defeat to France.
As England exit the World Cup at the quarter-final stage, BBC Sport's Phil McNulty says this loss feels even more painful than those of previous tournaments.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he will "review and reflect" on his side's World Cup quarter-final exit with the FA before making a decision on his future.
Moroccan fans tell of pride and tears as their team makes it to the World Cup semi-finals.
Fans from Leeds and London watch as England are knocked out of the World Cup after losing to France.
Harry Kane equals the England scoring record with his 53rd goal, netting in the World Cup quarter-final to move alongside Wayne Rooney.
England go out of the World Cup as goals from Aurelien Tchouameni and Olivier Giroud give France a 2-1 victory and a place in the semi-finals against Morocco.
Cristiano Ronaldo's World Cup dream is over, and probably for good - but is his whole career also reaching the end of the road?
The marvellous Moroccans have lit up this World Cup - and their fans got reward by witnessing their side becoming the first from Africa to reach the semi-finals.
Fifa opens disciplinary proceedings against Argentina and the Netherlands after their bad-tempered 2022 World Cup quarter-final.
Bukayo Saka is rated the best player as England lose to France in the Fifa World Cup quarter-final in Qatar.
Watch the full-time scenes as Morocco celebrate making history by beating Portugal 1-0 to become the first side from Africa to reach the semi-finals of the World Cup.
BBC Sport's England reporter Kelly Somers takes us inside England's World Cup camp before Saturday's quarter-final against France.
There is no update on their condition after the incident at Babbs Mill Park on Sunday.
The Libyan man is accused of making the bomb which destroyed Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie.
Four other residents are still unaccounted for, police say.
Heathrow and Gatwick also cancel flights after fog and snow sweeps the country.
After a 26-day flight around the Moon, Nasa's future astronaut ship parachutes into the Pacific.
The duo will make their fifth assault on the charts with a cover of Do They Know It's Christmas.
Figures obtained by Labour through Freedom of Information requests reveal staff pressures in the NHS.
They pick an image from September's Highland Games for first festive card since Charles became King.
Kyiv's forces hit a hotel used by the mercenary group, according to Luhansk governor Serhiy Haidai.
Thirteen-year-old Lissandro won with 203 points for his song Oh Maman! at the contest in Armenia.
Snow, ice and freezing fog sweep in over the weekend, with temperatures set to fall as low as -15C.
Longstanding tensions between Kosovo's authorities and its Serb minority have risen again.
England captain Owen Farrell says the Rugby Football Union's decision to sack Eddie Jones as head coach was "unbelievably disappointing".
Mother-of-five Charlotte Chapman says positive attitude gets her through any tough times.
Children hospitalised after falling in a lake and troops to be used in strikes feature on front pages.
Laura Kuenssberg questions guests including NHS England's medical director and the foreign secretary.
The prime minister and health secretary both claim they would cost an extra £1,000 per household.
Pictures of captain Harry Kane cover the front pages after England's World Cup loss to France.
England's second Test against Pakistan is "50-50", according to assistant coach Marcus Trescothick.
Watch all the drama from England's World Cup quarter-final defeat by France in under two minutes.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he is "conflicted" about his future, having "found large parts of the last 18 months difficult".
How does the Women's Super League title race shape up after Manchester City and Manchester United played out a thrilling draw on Sunday?
A depleted Leicester clinch an away win with an efficient display at Ospreys in Pool B of the Heineken Champions Cup.
PSG putting together package to sign Manchester United's Rashford, Brazil's FA plans to contact Manchester City boss Guardiola, three English clubs make offers for Gvardiol, plus more.
BBC Sport looks at the main talking points from UFC 282 as the judges' scoring in Paddy Pimblett's win and the main event attracts criticism.
Former England captain Alan Shearer says Gareth Southgate has shown he is the right man to take this exciting young team to the 2024 European Championship.
England may be out but four teams remain in the Qatar World Cup. BBC Sport looks at the subplots before two semi-finals no-one predicted.
Harry Kane says England will use their World Cup defeat by France to be "mentally and physically stronger for the next challenge" as they arrived home.
The most-watched single TV channel moment of 2022 sees England lose 2-1 to France in Qatar.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he will "review and reflect" on his side's World Cup quarter-final exit with the FA before making a decision on his future.
Fans watched as England are knocked out of the World Cup after losing to France.
Harry Kane equals the England scoring record with his 53rd goal, netting in the World Cup quarter-final to move alongside Wayne Rooney.
Moroccan fans tell of pride and tears as their team makes it to the World Cup semi-finals.
The North African side stuns Portugal in Qatar to reach its first World Cup semi-final.
An officer tried to punch through the ice as emergency workers attempted to reach the children.
Seven of the nine people missing since the explosion are named by police.
Forecasters say the freezing conditions will bring more problems for travellers on Tuesday.
About 40,000 rail workers will start walking out on Tuesday in a row about jobs and pay.
No reason is given, but there is growing unease among Russians over President Putin's invasion of Ukraine.
But there is confusion over who is being blamed in the latest trailer of the Harry and Meghan series.
BBC analysis finds 51,000 Ukrainians have reached the end of their six-month sponsorship in the UK.
Strikes in England, Wales and Northern Ireland are set to go ahead on Thursday after talks fail.
Abu Agila Masud is the first person charged on US soil in connection with the 1988 airline attack.
Ross McCullam admitted Megan Newborough's manslaughter but had denied murder.
Four people have been arrested over accusations Qatar bribed officials to try to win influence.
Zoe Conway sets out what you should know about the rail strike and other strike action this week.
Melvyn Ryan's granddaughter, Nicole Lea, says she was told no ambulances were available.
With winter weather here and energy prices up, here are some ways to save money on your bills.
Hedydd Elias says she was told in 2019 she would have to wait two-and-a-half years for NHS therapy.
Many of the front pages carry the story of the deaths of three boys in Solihull, as well as plans to use taxis as ambulances during strikes.
Russian troops have reportedly been locked up for refusing to fight in the invasion of Ukraine.
The dark comedy about feuding friends in 1920s Ireland leads the pack going into next year's awards.
A record number of Nicaraguans are heading to the US as conditions worsen at home.
The hosts of the podcast, downloaded more than 430m times, hint there's something else to come.
They may sing and dance like other musicians but they are made with artificial intelligence.
Hidden diaries sent to the BBC show the everyday risks and dangers that women face.
Disruption on the railways is expected, with industrial action in December and January.
Three people who live in a damp-ridden tower block have spoken of their health concerns about mould.
Welsh voices filled global airwaves at the World Cup, but how much does singing matter back home?
As environmental and ethical concerns grow over pet food, some say cultivated meat is the solution.
Former Argentina defender Pablo Zabaleta says emotion is always a big part of how they play, but it feels like it is playing a bigger part than ever at this World Cup.
Premiership Rugby is to "relaunch" for the 2024-25 season, as the league looks to recover from a turbulent period.
There may be an air of disappointment after England's World Cup exit but here is why fans of the Three Lions have reason to feel optimistic.
Former Masters champion Yan Bingtao is suspended from the World Snooker Tour as part of an ongoing investigation into match-fixing.
Eight finalists are named for the 2022 BBC Sports Personality Unsung Hero of the Year award.
West Bromwich Albion produce a superb second-half comeback to beat Sunderland and climb five places in the Championship.
A visual guide to what is causing the cold weather across the UK and how unusual it is for temperatures to fall so low in December.
Wintry scenes from across the country as the Met Office issues warnings of ice, fog and snow.
Lionel Messi's presence will give Argentina a "special advantage" against Croatia in their World Cup semi-final, says defender Nicolas Tagliafico.
Morocco becoming the first African team to reach the World Cup semi-finals can "galvanise" the continent, says top Caf official.
Argentina's Lionel Messi and Luka Modric of Croatia have a lot in common - but only one will get a final chance to win a World Cup.
Can you name the 21 players to score in World Cup semi-finals since 2002?
BBC Sport's Nesta McGregor takes a look at a cruise ship where football fans can stay for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
How Morocco fans celebrated as their national team became the first African and Arab country to reach a World Cup semi-final.
Former England captain Alan Shearer says Gareth Southgate has shown he is the right man to take this exciting young team to the 2024 European Championship.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he is "conflicted" about his future, having "found large parts of the last 18 months difficult".
BBC Sport's football expert Chris Sutton predicts the scores for the two World Cup semi-finals in Qatar.
US researchers have overcome a major barrier to achieving low-carbon nuclear fusion.
Lionel Messi and Julian Alvarez were on target as Argentina beat Croatia to reach the World Cup final.
Royal Mail staff will begin further industrial action, joining a second day of rail strikes.
Rail disruption and another Royal Mail walkout - what you need to know by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
The BBC TV show co-host needed hospital treatment while filming at an aerodrome.
The photograph shows the family of five dressed casually, smiling and holding hands in Norfolk.
Sam Bankman-Fried is accused of a scheme to defraud investors in failed crypto exchange FTX.
One victim is named locally as Jack Johnson, 10, as the Solihull community mourns their loss.
His wealth has been hit as shares in his electric carmaker Tesla have more than halved.
Stephen Bear shared footage of himself having sex with a woman that ended up on the OnlyFans website.
Hundreds of people asked to help, after Alishah's family spoke about struggling to pay for hot meals.
With Christmas fast approaching here's what you need to know before borrowing money.
The PM's plan for the asylum system, and the rail and nurses' strikes lead several of today's papers.
The head of MI6 tweets far more than any other head past or present, MPs say.
The Way of Water is the follow-up to 2009's Avatar, the highest-grossing movie of all time.
Could nuclear fusion really provide the world with almost limitless supplies of energy?
The Trust and Safety Council advised on how Twitter tackled hate speech, child abuse and self-harm.
Testing by consumer group Which? finds some cheap lights fail to meet UK electrical safety regulations.
Abigail Kinoiki Kekaulike Kawānanakoa's ancestors include Hawaiian royalty and an Irish landowner.
The airport apologised after double-amputee Tony Hudgell was forced to wait four-and-a-half hours.
Why are Albanian migrants coming to the UK and how many have arrived?
BBC Scotland's David Cowan recalls the trial 22 years ago of two men accused of the Lockerbie bombing.
Victims of illegal money lenders tell BBC Spotlight how they faced a cycle of debt and intimidation.
Israeli researchers claim to have developed a flock of gene-edited hens that lay eggs from which only female chicks hatch.
Prosecutors want the collection of more than 1,000 munitions to be used in any future court action.
A decade ago, a gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook Elementary in Connecticut, killing 26.
Argentina winning the World Cup will see Qatar 2022 become known as Lionel Messi's World Cup, says BBC Sport's Phil McNulty.
Argentina's "young diamond" Julian Alvarez sparkles in their 3-0 semi-final win over Croatia, the Man City striker scored twice and won a penalty to help his country secure a place in Sunday's World Cup final.
Azeem Rafiq says he has "been driven out of the country" by "threats and abuse" since "opening his heart out" about racism at Yorkshire.
France captain Hugo Lloris says "it was not easy to find the words" when he texted Tottenham team-mate Harry Kane after England's World Cup exit.
Lionel Messi was dubbed the greatest player of all time as he led Argentina into the World Cup final - and one last chance to win the most famous trophy of all.
Warren Gatland believes he can turn around Welsh rugby's fortunes once again after returning to the top job.
Former Argentina international Pablo Zabaleta calls Lionel Messi "incredible" as he wins his fourth player of the match award of the World Cup after inspiring his team to the final with a goal and assist during their 3-0 win over Croatia.
The Met Office says areas covered by the extended warning could see fresh snowfalls on higher ground.
A visual guide to what is causing the cold weather across the UK and how unusual it is for temperatures to fall so low in December.
Disruption on the railways is expected, with industrial action in December and January.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
The boss of the UK's biggest rail union accuses the BBC of "parroting" the right-wing press.
The chief spokesman and negotiator for the RMT has a crucial job as rail workers strike.
Lionel Messi and Julian Alvarez shine for Argentina as they beat Croatia 3-0 to reach the World Cup final.
An Argentine pop song has become the unofficial World Cup anthem for Lionel Messi, the Argentina squad and fans.
Belgium Football Association advertise for a new manager following their early World Cup exit.
Three months ago, France's Antoine Griezmann was a substitute amid a contract farce - now there is no stopping him in his second great World Cup.
What do BBC Sport users want to say to "conflicted" England manager Gareth Southgate as he considers his future?
Manager Walid Regragui says Morocco have "great desire" to pull off another shock as they aim to create more history and reach a World Cup final.
Routine surgery is likely to be disrupted, but life-preserving and urgent care will still be provided.
Interest rates are expected to rise again as the cost if living goes up, so how could this affect you?
Defending world champions France edge past Morocco at Al Bayt Stadium to set up a World Cup final against Argentina.
Restrictions on liquids and removing electrical items from bags are to axed by June 2024.
What you need to know about the nurses' strike in England, Wales and NI - by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
The dancer and actor was an integral part of Ellen DeGeneres' talk show until it ended this year.
The warning comes as Royal Mail staff walk out in a fight over pay and conditions.
The six-year-old becomes the fourth boy to die after being pulled from the water in Solihull.
Jordan McSweeney refused to leave the Old Bailey's cells to be sentenced for Zara Aleena's murder.
Twitter owner Elon Musk's critics say the suspension contradicts his avowed commitment to free speech.
Buckingham Palace spread stories about Meghan to "suit other peoples' agendas", Meghan's lawyer says.
The former PM's paid appearances since September include speeches in America, India and Portugal.
In a rare show of discontent, personnel say they wait days or sometimes weeks for repairs.
Battery-powered lanterns and cleaning the fireplace, the BBC explores how habits are changing this winter.
The cost of living is increasing at its fastest rate in 40 years, due to rising food and energy prices.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Several of Thursday's papers lead with the migrant boat that got into difficulty while crossing the Channel.
Celebrations for Les Bleus as Moroccan fans are left in silent despair.
Jordan McSweeney beat Zara Aleena to death as she walked home from a night out in east London.
Special forces killed two Afghan parents and shot their two boys. No one was held accountable.
Bear was found guilty of sharing a video of himself having sex with Georgia Harrison without her consent.
Some nurses can't join their colleagues on the picket lines for financial or practical reasons.
If you're worried, the BBC's health reporter Laura Foster has some information to help.
Detectives still do not know the identity of the woman whose remains were found exactly 40 years ago.
In the Kurdistan region, women who feel trapped in abusive households often see suicide by self-immolation as their only way out.
Will a plan to protect 30% of the planet for nature by 2030 be agreed and how will it work?
Vaccine nurse says being descended from Henrietta Lacks helps her understand her patients' fears.
The rapper has accused her ex Tory Lanez of shooting her in the foot after a Hollywood party.
Abrham Meareg and others are suing Meta for $2bn over claims its algorithm spread hate in Ethiopia.
Rail disruption and another Royal Mail walkout - what you need to know by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
At least four people have died after a boat carrying migrants started sinking off the Kent coast.
France beat Morocco to set up a final potentially for the ages against Argentina as Kylian Mbappe meets Lionel Messi.
The World Cup dream is over for Morocco but there is no sadness, just sheer pride at their country's historic performance.
Everton cruise to a 3-0 victory over Spurs in the final Women's Super League game of 2022.
BBC pundits Alan Shearer, Didier Drogba and Rio Ferdinand were full of praise for Antoine Griezmann's all-round performance during France's 2-0 win over Morocco.
Ollie Pope says batting is still his priority despite keeping wicket in England's two Test wins in Pakistan.
American sports journalist Grant Wahl died from a ruptured aortic aneurysm at the World Cup in Qatar, his widow says.
A second report finds widespread, ongoing misconduct in the United States' top-flight National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).
France will have a chance to defend their title they won in 2018 after beating Morocco 2-0 to reach World Cup final.
Moroccan hopes of being the first African side to reach the last two ended in a 2-0 defeat by France.
Syrian BBC journalist Lina Shaikhouni reflects on the first Arab World Cup.
Randal Kolo Muani scores France's second goal less than a minute after coming off the bench following some quick feet from Kylian Mbappe.
A squad drawn from the diaspora who dance with their mums and demonstrate their Islamic faith - meet the Morocco players who have made World Cup history.
BBC Sport charts Morocco's journey to becoming the first African nation to reach the World Cup semi-finals as they prepare to take on France in the last four.
Morocco have drawn football fans' support around the globe ahead of their game against France.
Argentina forward Lionel Messi says Sunday's final against France or Morocco will be the last World Cup game of his career.
Watch all of France's goals from the 2022 World Cup in Qatar as they prepare to take on Morocco in the semi-finals.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
Tributes are paid to Jack Johnson, siblings Finlay and Samuel Butler and Thomas Stewart.
The CIA reiterates it "never engaged" the alleged assassin, Lee Harvey Oswald, as over 13,000 files go online.
Tens of thousands of nurses have expressed anger and sadness at being on picket lines on Thursday.
A woman died at the scene and two children, aged four and six, died later in hospital, police say.
Katie Razzall's seven takeaways from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's Netflix documentary
Travellers face disruption on the railways and roads on Friday - by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
Video shows gushing water and submerged platforms as Storm Efraín shuts forces several stations.
The result of the Stretford and Urmston by-election is expected to be announced early on Friday.
About 1,700 properties are still cut off, despite dozens of staff being drafted in to fix the network.
Everyone earning more than £43,662 will pay more next year as Scottish government looks to raise money for public services.
Heavy shelling of critical infrastructure knocks out the power supply to the entire Ukrainian port.
High levels of maghemite were found in some air samples but it is not known if they are harmful.
A gift the officer received from a senior Ukrainian official explodes at police headquarters in Warsaw.
Homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs - but lenders must help those struggling.
Battery-powered lanterns and cleaning the fireplace, the BBC explores how habits are changing this winter.
Interest rates have risen again as the cost if living goes up, so how could this affect you?
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen slightly, but inflation remains near a 40-year high.
The nurses' strike and the fallout from Prince Harry's Netflix docuseries feature in several of Friday's papers.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
If Bitcoin was a boxer it would be on its back on the canvas. It is down but is it out?
About 115,000 postal workers are taking part in the dispute with Royal Mail.
Disruption on the railways is expected, with industrial action in December and January.
The Netflix finale shows the family tensions and fallings out as Harry and Meghan left for the US.
BBC royal correspondent looks at the royal rift at the centre of the new episodes of Harry and Meghan.
John Swinney has gone some way to address SNP criticisms with a budget that was devolution in action.
Will Argentina's Lionel Messi or France's Kylian Mbappe inspire their nation to World Cup success? BBC Sport looks at other players who have been instrumental in earlier tournaments.
The global brewing giants highlight a brand's nationality but does it matter when they brew it overseas?
Theo Clarke says public life is toxic for women, as she calls for MPs to be given maternity cover.
The only bridge of its kind inspires a new production of Cinderella using long-string marionettes.
Rangers "had a lot of anxiety to get through" before coming from behind twice in Michael Beale's first game in charge to edge out Hibernian as the Scottish Premiership returned.
Arsenal are through to the quarter-finals of the Women's Champions League despite losing to holders Lyon in a match marred by an injury to striker Vivianne Miedema.
Athletics legend Usain Bolt is awarded the Lifetime Achievement award at BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2022.
England are considering handing a debut to 18-year-old leg-spinner Rehan Ahmed in the third Test against Pakistan.
Double Olympic champion Adam Peaty says "I don't get bronze often" after missing out on the 100m breaststroke title at the World Championships.
Boris Becker is released from prison after serving eight months of his sentence for hiding £2.5m worth of assets and loans to avoid paying debts.
BBC Sport pundits Alan Shearer, Rio Ferdinand and Didier Drogba discuss England manager Gareth Southgate's future.
As nurses take part in the largest strike in NHS history, use our tool to see if your area is affected.
Fact-checking a claim made by Health Minister Maria Caulfield.
Nurses, posties, teachers and lecturers are going on strike. Here's a simple rundown of why and how.
About 17,000 nurses at almost all health boards in Wales are striking for the first time over pay.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
NHS staff on the picket line explain why they have taken strike action over pay and conditions.
Some nurses can't join their colleagues on the picket lines for financial or practical reasons.
Nurses belonging to the Royal College of Nursing union have voted to strike.
The BBC's Laura Foster tests your knowledge in this video quiz, with five questions on nurses' pay.
Argentina captain Lionel Messi describes team-mate Julian Alvarez a "spectacular" and "extraordinary" after his World Cup semi-final double.
France beat Morocco to set up a final potentially for the ages against Argentina as Kylian Mbappe meets Lionel Messi.
The World Cup dream is over for Morocco but there is no sadness, just sheer pride at their country's historic performance.
The World Cup host nation artificially produced huge amounts of water for daily use.
Dr Nasser Mohamed, an openly gay Qatari, who no longer lives in Qatar, tells BBC Sport about starting an LGBTQ+ supporters' group.
As we build up to the World Cup final between Argentina and France, we want you to select your combined XI.
How the players rated as France beat Morocco in the Fifa World Cup semi-final in Qatar.
Lionel Messi was voted player of the match as he led his side to the World Cup final with victory over Croatia in Qatar.
Health bosses warn of "extensive disruption" as staff are set to walk out on December 21 and 28.
People are being advised not to travel on the railways as workers continue strikes on Saturday.
A woman says she feared for her life during a crush at a gig where several people were badly hurt.
Police are investigating after two boys were found dead at a home in Dagenham, east London.
Work to transform the home of a woman left paralysed in a botched kidnapping gets under way.
Travel disruption the weekend before Christmas - the BBC’s Zoe Conway has what you need to know.
Senior figures fear the PM may be taking an overly cautious approach as the war enters a key phase.
Lady Susan Hussey has met Sistah Space founder Ngozi Fulani at Buckingham Palace.
Kharkiv suffers "colossal" damage as the latest wave of Russian strikes targets power supplies.
More than 98% of them backed strikes after an offer of a 50p per hour pay rise, the GMB union says.
Critics ask why the Swedish zoo shot the chimpanzees instead of tranquilising them.
Two people are injured as the Berlin aquarium, containing a million litres of water, bursts open.
Hamza Yassin, Fleur East, Helen Skelton and Molly Rainford all hope to land the glitterball trophy.
Cold Weather Payments are available to some owing to a run of sub-zero temperatures.
Saturday's front pages focus on the NHS strikes and tensions within the Royal Family.
Friends and colleagues say his plans may be hard to predict, but they wouldn't bet against him.
His charisma and unusual residence made P-22 an icon - but the mountain lion's days are numbered.
Beau Greaves will make darts history at Alexandra Palace on Friday as the youngest woman to compete at the PDC World Championships.
Social media videos and eyewitness accounts show a crush, the venue doors breached and violent clashes.
Harry and Meghan say they lost a baby due to stress but experts say we need more miscarriage research.
So much of it has been seized in Europe's cocaine capital that authorities struggle to destroy it all.
The pair, who were on a secret mission with a new bomb design, crashed in North Yorkshire in 1944.
Gabriel Maniak's tattoos on Phil Foden, Raheem Sterling and others have been seen by millions.
Disruption on the railways is expected, with industrial action in December and January.
Nurses are striking over a pay offer recommended by a review body.
The 42-year-old from Fife had to buy cheap replacement clothes from a market on the five-star trip.
Christmas lights await England, but not before the chance of a 3-0 clean sweep over Pakistan in Karachi, the 'City of Lights'.
Fifa is to reconsider the format of the 2026 World Cup following the success of the four-group format at the 2022 tournament, says president Gianni Infantino.
BBC Sport's football expert Chris Sutton predicts the scores for the World Cup final between Argentina and France and the third-place play-off in Qatar.
Birmingham City move up to seventh in the Championship as Troy Deeney's early double helps beat Paul Ince's Reading.
Chelsea claim a quarter-final spot in the Women's Champions League with ease after beating Vllaznia in their penultimate group match.
Watch behind-the-scenes footage and match action from Lionel Messi's stunning semi-final performance in Argentina's World Cup semi-final win against Croatia.
France boss Didier Deschamps is on the verge of winning his third World Cup and his second as a manager - but how has he done it?
As Argentina look to win the World Cup for the first time since 1986, BBC Sport takes a closer at manager Lionel Scaloni.
Watch some of the best goals from the 2022 World Cup, featuring Marcus Rashford's free-kick for England against Wales and strikes by Brazil forward Richarlison and Kylian Mbappe of France.
England's famous red jerseys are perhaps the greatest visual reminder of their World Cup triumph.
Morocco head coach Walid Regragui says his players can be proud that they are playing a seventh game at the 2022 World Cup, even though it is not Sunday's final.
The World Cup has nearly reached its conclusion - but how much do you remember of Qatar 2022?
BBC Sport examines the young players who have impressed with their performances at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
Many female fans say they welcome the ban on selling alcohol in World Cup stadiums.
Rebecca Ikumelo's family say she was well respected for her "care, kindness and love".
Argentina are aiming to lift the World Cup for the first time since 1986, while France are hoping to win successive tournaments.
Plans for military personnel to keep front-line services running are in place, the government says.
Senior Ukrainian commanders say Russia could be planning a new attack early next year.
A Kyiv metro station and bomb shelter is transformed into a TV studio for the selection programme.
Hamza Yassin, Fleur East, Helen Skelton and Molly Rainford all fought to land the glitterball trophy.
The director tells Desert Island Discs he fears sharks are "mad" at him after his 1975 blockbuster.
Police say 31 objects from Dresden's Green Vault have been recovered after the 2019 robbery.
People gather to remember four young boys who died after falling into a frozen lake.
Taraneh Alidoosti is accused of "spreading falsehoods" about the protest movement gripping Iran.
Fine Gael's Leo Varadkar is the leader under a deal with government partners Fianna Fáil.
Dramatic video shows flames inside the MNKY HSE restaurant in London's Mayfair as guests rushed to get outside.
Berlin police say a tweet asking for help in tracking down suspects linked to the incident is fake.
The OBR says Britain's economy will shrink next year and grow only slowly in the years after that.
The BBC visits a Lincolnshire warm space and speaks with a couple seeking respite from the chill.
During a tour of his home, Grant Shapps faces questions about the government's intervention on energy bills.
With many families struggling to heat homes or feed children, presents are "on the backburner".
Sunday's front pages look at the ongoing NHS strikes as well as tensions within the Royal Family.
Uncovering the stories of three women thought to have been murdered by the same man in 1960s Glasgow.
The atmosphere at Westminster is the calmest it's been for a long time - but is it enough for the Tory Party?
After false claims of a "climate lockdown" in Oxford spread online, councillors receive death threats.
BBC News NI is granted rare access to one of the 2,500 disused mines across Northern Ireland.
Scientists say a rare reef habitat near the mouth of the Amazon is at risk from oil exploration.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Victim support groups warn that scams targeting those looking to save money have soared.
P-22's charisma and Griffith Park residence made him an icon. Now, he's passed away.
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Detectives say Ross McCullam had the potential to kill again after he brutally murdered his girlfriend.
A right-wing Christian movement in the US is set on what it sees as its divine mission.
Rehan Ahmed may have to get used to plaudits after a promising first day in Test cricket, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Croatia show their class once more by clinching their third top-three finish at the World Cup with a 2-1 third-place play-off victory over history-makers Morocco.
Former Argentina defender Pablo Zabaleta explains what it feels like to be one of only 444 men to have played in a World Cup final.
Emma Raducanu says she is now injury free and feeling "good" following her exhibition match with Wimbledon runner-up Ons Jabeur on Friday.
Ospreys record their first win in Europe in two years as they battle to a 21-10 win against Montpellier.
Mislav Orsic on the left, just inside the area and he bends a brilliant strike that is out of Morocco goalkeeper Bono's reach.
Supporters in Buenos Aires and Paris are preparing for an historic World Cup final clash.
As Kylian Mbappe looks to win his second World Cup aged just 23, French football writer Julien Laurens looks at the striker's journey to the top.
As Lionel Messi bids to lead Argentina to World Cup glory, his biography writer Guillem Balague takes a closer look at his journey.
Croatia's third top-three finish at the World Cup has a "golden layer", says boss Zlatko Dalic after his side clinch a play-off victory over history-makers Morocco.
Lionel Messi's World Cup story is almost over but, however it ends, Gary Lineker feels things will be a lot less enjoyable without him.
Who scored the best goal at the Fifa World Cup and what was the standout moment? Choose your favourites in our World Cup awards.
Lionel Messi leads Argentina to World Cup glory, beating France on penalties in one of the most thrilling climaxes in final history.
It was one of the greatest finals in World Cup history, so how did the "breathless" showpiece unfold?
The party has only just started in Buenos Aires, but in Paris the crowds have already gone home.
The union says ministers must respond within 48 hours of next week's walkout to avoid more action.
The move affects content from Facebook, Instagram and Mastodon among other social media sites.
Useful information on strikes during the week up to Christmas, by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
Decision day looms for sealing a global deal to stop the destruction of nature.
The cold snap that caused travel disruption and power cuts is ending on Sunday, forecasters say.
The government-funded scheme will cap fares in England outside London from 1 January to 31 March.
Thirty-nine people were rescued and four people died attempting to enter the UK in a dinghy.
The amount of time without sea-ice is becoming too long for the bears to survive, experts say.
The new "front-line creative brigade" will consist of volunteer musicians and mobilised recruits.
A man and a woman are charged with neglect and have been remanded in custody.
As some shoppers swap mains bulbs for battery lights, we investigate if money is really being saved.
Many say the series resonated because of their own experiences - but it also raised questions about race.
There will be relief and celebration at the FA as Gareth Southgate remains, but he must now be the winner England want.
As rebels step up attacks, the government has responded with air strikes in the Oromia region.
Watch the moment Lionel Messi lifts the World Cup trophy for Argentina after they beat France 4-2 on penalties after a thrilling 3-3 draw in the final.
Harry Brook says Jonny Bairstow should go "straight back" into the England side when he has recovered from a broken leg.
Gonzalo Montiel scores the winning penalty as Argentina beat France 4-2 in a penalty shootout to win the World Cup final in Qatar.
Alan Shearer, Rio Ferdinand and Pablo Zabaleta give their reaction to the World Cup final as Argentina win an incredible game on penalties following a dramatic 3-3 draw.
Watch Lionel Messi's reaction after Gonzalo Montiel scores the decisive penalty as Argentina beat France 4-2 to win a thrilling World Cup final.
Watch all eight of Kylian Mbappe's goals at the 2022 World Cup, including a hat-trick in the final, as the France forward claims the Golden Boot.
Kylian Mbappe scores another penalty to complete his hat-trick as France make it 3-3 against Argentina in the World Cup final.
After Lionel Messi led Argentina to World Cup glory, no-one can now deny he belongs in the same pantheon as Pele and Diego Maradona.
How Argentina great Lionel Messi lifting the famous trophy was an iconic moment that will live forever in World Cup history and Middle East imagery.
Emi Martinez's penalty shootout mind games help secure an incredible win for Argentina and make the dancing goalkeeper a hero.
How France striker Kylian Mbappe's night promised so much but ended with probably the worst way to win the World Cup's Golden Boot.
Lionel Messi finally achieves his World Cup dream as Argentina win their third crown on penalties following one of the greatest finals in the tournament's history at Lusail Stadium.
Argentina and France faced each other in a nail-biting match that resulted in a penalty shoot-out.
France's Kylian Mbappe beats Argentina's Lionel Messi to the World Cup Golden Boot award in the final.
Africa will win the World Cup 'within 15-20 years' says Morocco coach Walid Regragui, who has come closer than any coach to delivering that long-held aim.
Kylian Mbappe scores a "sensational" volley as France come from 2-0 down to level in the World Cup final against Argentina.
Watch the story of Lionel Messi from his early years in Rosario to captaining his country to glory at the Copa America in 2021.
How you rated the players as Argentina beat France 4-2 on penalties at the end of one of the most dramatic World Cup finals.
Lionel Scaloni has never managed at club level, and yet the youngest coach in Qatar has taken Argentina to the World Cup final.
Lionel Messi restores Argentina's lead in extra time as they lead France 3-2 in the World Cup final.
Former Argentina defender Pablo Zabaleta explains what it feels like to be one of only 444 men to have played in a World Cup final.
Alan Shearer, Rio Ferdinand and Pablo Zabaleta share their thoughts on the tournament and their experience in Qatar ahead of the final.
Lionel Messi seeks to emulate Diego Maradona by winning the World Cup with Argentina, but how does their influence compare in their runs to the final?
The committee airs critical testimony by a Trump loyalist and criticises his daughter, Ivanka Trump.
Gaby Hutchinson becomes the second person to die following Asake's gig at the Brixton Academy.
The firm won contracts to supply protective equipment after being recommended by peer Baroness Mone.
The 70-year-old is already serving 23 years in jail after he was convicted in New York two years ago.
His distinctively dour voice can be heard on hits like Ghost Town, Gangsters and Too Much, Too Young.
The French national team are met by thousands in Paris after losing to Argentina on Sunday.
More cancelled appointments and medical disruption as nurses strike again - by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
The former Love Island contestant told the BBC she wants the government to simplify laws in the UK.
Dennis McGrory is convicted after he raped, stabbed and strangled a teenager in Islington in 1975.
Kyiv fears a fresh Russian assault is on the horizon after President Putin travelled to Minsk.
The man tried to "escape" on one occasion and broke his arm in the process, a court hears.
Human rights activist Sayed Ahmed Alwadaei has complained to the Tory Party over the incident.
Lionel Messi is named BBC Sports Personality's World Sport Star of the Year after inspiring Argentina to World Cup glory.
As some shoppers swap mains bulbs for battery lights, we investigate if money is really being saved.
Strikes by ambulance service workers and nurses dominate the front pages on Tuesday.
Memorable moments from the Montreal meeting that brought a historic deal.
The BBC's technology editor Zoe Kleinman looks at the future of Musk and Twitter.
When's it announced, who's in the running, and what's the biggest Christmas song of all time?
Savan Kotecha writes songs for some of the world's biggest artists - he tells Newsbeat how he does it.
Steve Barclay is told by the mother that she is scared for "the length" of her daughter's life.
The plan will put 30% of the planet under protection by the end of the decade.
Four decades since the tragedy, the names of those who died are expected to be added to a memorial.
The party goes off in Buenos Aires as Argentina celebrates but in Paris there is disappointment.
The Farrell question. A new captain. A fresh identity. Matt Dawson runs through new England coach Steve Borthwick's in-tray.
England manager Sarina Wiegman tells BBC Sport about the impact of the Lionesses winning the Euros.
Take a look at how the most dramatic World Cup final played out, with alternative angles, behind the scenes content and unseen shots.
Many LGBTQ+ fans and allies feel let down by the authorities after experiencing discrimination at the World Cup in Qatar - and the BBC's Jack Murley believes that will be the tournament's true legacy.
Lionel Messi finally achieves his World Cup dream as Argentina win their third crown on penalties following one of the greatest finals in the tournament's history at Lusail Stadium.
Argentina defeat France on penalties to win the World Cup in a tournament that saw more goals and shocks, record numbers of teenagers - and veterans - making starts.
One newspaper suggests a destiny has been fulfilled for Lionel Messi, while another says it is "spring once again in Argentina" - BBC Sport looks at how the world reacted to the World Cup final.
Brighton hope "it won't be a problem for a couple of years" when it comes to keeping hold of Alexis Mac Allister, says chief executive Paul Barber.
Argentines are giddy with joy as they celebrate their football team's victory in the World Cup.
Who caught your eye the most at the 2022 World Cup? We reveal the XI with the best average ratings, who the stats say was best and ask you to choose your team of the tournament.
A selection of great World Cup photographs taken in Qatar - plus the stories behind them by the people who captured them.
There is likely to be major disruption as paramedics, call handlers and emergency care assistants go on strike on Wednesday.
It would be the president's first foreign trip since Russia invaded his country in February.
Hundreds of people were sent to immigration removal centres after Manston exceeded capacity, emails show.
A marathon debate on controversial gender reforms ends for the night after the lights go out in the Holyrood chamber.
Irmgard Furchner, 97, who worked for a Nazi commandant, is convicted in Germany.
Kaylea Louise Titford, 16, was found dead at her Powys home in October 2020.
The prime minister is under pressure to reopen nurses' pay talks, as ambulance workers prepare for walk outs.
Almost 90% of pubs are considering shorter opening hours over winter as bills rise, according to a new survey.
Argentina's World Cup winners have to abandon an open-top bus and take a helicopter ride over the millions of fans celebrating in Buenos Aires.
The move further restricts women's access to education, after they were excluded from secondary schools.
"Another tragic loss of a beautiful soul," Charlatans singer Tim Burgess says about the keyboardist.
As China deals with a new Covid wave, Ros Atkins looks at why it’s hard to assess its scale.
The magnitude 6.4 tremor struck overnight, killing at least two people and damaging roads and buildings.
Warnings from ministers and NHS bosses ahead of Wednesday's ambulance strike cover front pages.
MSPs are set to decide on the controversial plans to reform gender recognition legislation.
The Specials' most famous track became an anthem for disaffected Britain.
Australia's first ambassador to China recounts a fascinating, high-stakes visit - and his unlikely place in it.
BBC Sport takes a closer look at the next World Cup which will take place in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
Damon Alexander-Cole became homeless in 2020 and found that walking helped him to rebuild his life.
We look at the runner and riders to take over as the social media firm's chief executive.
Ethiopia's civil war has left tens of thousands, including large numbers of children, malnourished.
A Siberian city is marking Christmas with ice statues of soldiers. But not all locals back the war.
For some disabled refugees, fleeing Ukraine has given a better quality of life, provoking a dilemma.
The star reflects on his historic headline set, and shares never-before-seen photos from Worthy Farm.
The Argentine footballer has picked up more than 57 million likes for his collection of photos.
Scott Arfield's astonishing stoppage-time double snatches Rangers a dramatic Scottish Premiership victory over Aberdeen and prevents their fragile title hopes from splintering further.
Newcastle reach the quarter-finals of the Carabao Cup with a hard-fought win over Bournemouth at St James' Park.
A shortlist of six contenders is announced for the 2022 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award.
You are more likely to be good at something if you enjoy it and England are winning Test matches because of the joy they bring to their cricket.
Watch the Argentina team, led by captain Lionel Messi, arrive in Buenos Aires after winning the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
A penalty from Raul Jimenez and a Rayan Ait-Nouri goal are enough for Wolves as they edge past League Two strugglers Gillingham in the Carabao Cup fourth round.
Players who have signed up to the controversial LIV Golf circuit will be allowed to play at the 2023 Masters, Augusta officials confirm.
What you need to know about Wednesday's ambulance workers strike - by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
What you need to know about emergency care during the ambulance strike.
The PM insists he won’t back down against striking workers, as nurses demand a 19% pay rise.
The first week of the new year will be marked by rail strikes as drivers take action over pay.
The personnel are among 600 members of the armed forces providing assistance during strikes.
Nurses have been striking in a dispute about pay. How much do they earn at the moment?
As nurses take part in the largest strike in NHS history, use our tool to see if your area is affected.
Will Quince also urges people not to make unnecessary car journeys during action by ambulance workers.
Hundreds of thousands of workers have walked out, or threatened to, causing widespread disruption.
England and Arsenal footballer Beth Mead is crowned BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2022, ahead of Ben Stokes and Eve Muirhead.
Thousands of paramedics, call handlers and technicians are taking action in England and Wales until midnight.
President Vladimir Putin claims he still continues to see Ukraine as a brotherly nation.
China's figures say no-one died of Covid on Wednesday - but there is scepticism about the data.
Brazil great Pele's cancer is advancing, according to the hospital where the 82-year-old is being treated.
Damien Bendall carried out "brutal, vicious and cruel attacks" on his defenceless victims.
The comedian criticised David Beckham's links with Qatar but has previously played gigs there himself.
Two years after post-Brexit trading began with the EU, UK businesses feel frustrated, says BCC.
Charities say families seeking support over the holding period face a postcode lottery.
The final vote on the controversial proposals will now not be held until Thursday.
The plane had flown from The Gambia to the West Sussex airport on 7 December.
Seen as a symbol of Christmas in Australia, the beetles seem to have gone missing in recent years.
Almost 90% of pubs are considering shorter opening hours over winter as bills rise, according to a new survey.
The impact of NHS strikes dominates the front pages of Thursday's newspapers.
The Ukrainian president takes his first foreign trip since Russia invaded his country in February.
The Claudia Winkleman-fronted TV series has built a fiercely devoted following in recent weeks.
What you need to know about Thursday's walkout by highway workers, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
A team is translating the Bible - from original Greek and Hebrew - into British Sign Language.
Some people are choosing to hire their Christmas tree to try to reduce waste and help the environment.
As the Taliban shut universities and other education centres, Afghan women see their future crumble.
Manfred Goldberg was 13 when he was sent to Stutthof, where the entrance became known as Death Gate.
Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden talks about how nasty comments can hurt her.
Drew Houston, co-founder and CEO of data-sharing platform Dropbox, shares his business advice for the CEO Secrets series.
England's Lionesses are named BBC Sports Personality Team of the Year 2022 while Sarina Wiegman wins Coach of the Year.
Rugby league legend Rob Burrow is honoured with the Helen Rollason Award at Sports Personality of the Year, as former team-mate Kevin Sinfield receives special recognition.
Celtic restore their nine-point lead at the summit of the Scottish Premiership after victory over stubborn Livingston.
Christian Eriksen and Marcus Rashford score as Manchester United see off Burnley at Old Trafford in the Carabao Cup fourth round.
Arsenal clinch top spot in Group C of the Women's Champions League as Frida Maanum scores a hat-trick in a 9-1 win at bottom side Zurich.
Andy Murray whips up the home crowd with a stirring victory over Jack Draper to leave Battle of the Brits level at 1-1 after day one.
Britain's teenage world champion gymnast Jessica Gadirova is named BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
A new law will simplify the process of transitioning, but the UK government says it has concerns and may step in.
Travellers arriving in the UK are warned to expect disruption and delays as staff who check passports go on strike.
Ambulances, airports and trains - strikes are not taking a Christmas break - by the BBC’s Zoe Conway.
The White House says North Korea provided missiles and rockets to be used in Ukraine, which Pyongyang denies.
All US states and southern parts of Canada are set to have their coldest Christmas in 40 years.
But molnupiravir showed no obvious benefit at reducing hospital cases and deaths, a study found.
The Oath Keepers and Proud Boys had a shared love of Donald Trump, but not so much for each other.
Prosecutors have accused Sam Bankman-Fried of "one of the biggest financial frauds in US history".
Hundreds of people recognised for showcasing community values are recognised in the service.
Fifa is investigating how celebrity chef Salt Bae and a number of other people gained "undue access" to the pitch at the end of the World Cup final in Qatar.
Carter has his first pair of football boots, three years earlier than doctors thought he would walk.
The Massachusetts man's head-scratching strategy nets him nearly $2m, plus 20 annual payments of $25,000.
Three professionals talk turkeys and share top tips on how to keep costs and stress levels down.
The cost of living and sustainable shopping are driving a trend for pre-loved party pieces, experts say.
Some think Caroline is a "Scrooge" for charging her family-of-12 but she says it is "fair".
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
Britain's economy is expected to shrink in 2023, and grow only slowly in the following period.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months?
Headlines include clashes over Scotland's gender law and advice to avoid nan if you have flu.
How you can celebrate while doing less harm to the planet
Mark Peacock needs a double lung transplant but that has not stopped him creating a winter wonderland.
How many people seek asylum in the UK versus other countries, and how many are allowed to stay?
Chinese comedian He Huang went viral with a performance in Sydney, prompting a heated response.
How Ukraine's president travelled out of his country for the first time since the war began.
Quentin Sommerville traces the journey of a 22 year old from the start of the war to being awarded the highest honour for bravery.
Education Secretary Gillian Keegan said teachers are in the top 10% of earners in some parts of the country.
The Wagner group's role is growing but it faces the same challenges as the wider Russian military.
The general secretary of the nursing union has led the first nationwide strikes in the profession's history.
The Claudia Winkleman-fronted TV series has built a fiercely devoted following in recent weeks.
Thousands of people who had coronavirus face yet another Christmas with the smell disorder parosmia.
The exhibition will open in January in London after three years in the making.
Many of those injured in the demonstrations avoid going to hospital for fear of being arrested.
A team is translating the Bible - from original Greek and Hebrew - into British Sign Language.
Pep Guardiola and Jurgen Klopp both heap praise on Thursday's "spectacular" EFL Cup tie between Manchester City and Liverpool.
Emma Hayes calls Chelsea's 3-0 win over Paris St-Germain her "favourite" display of the season as Sam Kerr's strike and two Lauren James goals secure top spot in Women's Champions League Group A.
Manchester City beat Liverpool in an entertaining fourth-round tie to reach the last eight of the Carabao Cup.
England bowl out the West Indies for just 43 on their way to completing a 5-0 clean sweep in the T20 series in Barbados.
New Premier League referees chief Howard Webb wants to encourage former professional players to take up officiating.
England and Arsenal forward Beth Mead has been voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2022.
Manchester United will host League One side Charlton Athletic in the quarter-finals of the Carabao Cup.
So far at least 12 deaths have been linked to the cold snap, which has brought blizzards and floods.
Trains will stop running at around 15:00 on Saturday, as walkouts on the railways and other industries continue.
Charles is set to include a tribute to his late mother in his first Christmas Day address.
Rishi Sunak phones diplomats, Royal Navy crew and other workers to thank them for their efforts.
Protesters and police clash after what authorities say may have been a racially-motivated attack.
Lanez faces more than 20 years in jail for wounding the Grammy award-winning rapper in 2020.
Mother-of-three Heather Smedley was hit by a police car which was pursuing a suspected stolen vehicle.
The newspaper says it regrets publishing the piece, in which Clarkson said he "hated" the duchess.
A Met Office yellow alert for snow and ice has been put in place for Christmas Day and Boxing Day.
A Miller & Carter restaurant begins sinking into a lake at a major UK shopping centre.
The charity campaigners now have more Christmas number ones than any other act in chart history.
The Santas, who were thought to be on a pub crawl, got wedged in a hedge in Cornwall.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Kalvin Phillips was "overweight" when he returned to training from the World Cup.
Sharon Valler will be offering free surplus supermarket food to people on Saturday evening.
A community group welcomes 150 people to a festive meal in Oxfordshire to fight loneliness and isolation.
Gender law continues to dominate some front pages as papers preview the King's first Christmas speech.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months?
How does Santa visit everyone, and is there mince in mince pies: your Christmas questions answered.
In 2023 several countries will launch missions to the Moon and beyond.
Homelessness in England is on the rise, but one scheme to stop rough sleeping has proved a success.
George Cohen will forever be immortalised as one of just 11 men to start and win a football World Cup final with England.
A bumpy year in UK politics has seen Partygate, three prime ministers and a lot of strikes.
From royal palaces to glamorous restaurants to trees that aren't really trees.
Danube Street in Edinburgh was once home to Scotland's most famous brothel.
Four British women are preparing to spend Christmas in the world's most southerly post office.
A man who set up a mental health charity after his daughter took her own life urges people to talk.
Migrants arriving in El Paso will spend their first Christmas away from home. Many left loved ones behind.
Rangers manager Michael Beale happy with "pretty comfortable" 1-0 win over Ross County that narrows the gap to Scottish Premiership leaders Celtic to six points.
Aston Villa boss Unai Emery plans to speak to goalkeeper Emiliano Martinez about his celebrations following Argentina's World Cup win.
England's Sam Curran becomes the most expensive auction buy in the history of the Indian Premier League after being bought by Punjab Kings for £1.85m.
London Irish survive a spell with just 12 men to hand Saracens their first Premiership defeat of the campaign.
To celebrate the Premier League's return, here is one of the competition's greatest goals, by Fulham's Pajtim Kasami's, from 2013.
Greater Manchester Police are appealing for information after a number of incidents at Etihad Stadium.
President Zelensky urges his people to persevere as Russian attacks leave millions without power.
The latest move by Afghanistan's Islamist rulers is condemned by the United Nations and the US.
Dutch trance legend Armin van Buuren hopes the London singer's music keeps on "inspiring others".
The Christmas Eve service was organised by the Princess of Wales and featured tributes to the late Queen.
His comments at Christmas Eve Mass in the Vatican follow previous comments about the war in Ukraine.
The former Desert Island Discs host returns to the radio programme - this time as the interviewee.
At least 19 deaths are linked to the freeze, which has brought blizzards and floods to the US and Canada.
A spokesperson for the royal couple says the newspaper profited off "hate, violence and misogyny".
Protesters clash with police following Friday's shootings, which killed three people.
The prime minister has been criticised by some Labour MPs after his chat with homeless man goes viral online.
Wales' Anglican and Catholic archbishops have issued a joint Christmas message for the first time.
Crews were called to Hockley, Essex, on Christmas Eve and treated the dog and owner at the scene.
Argentina captain Lionel Messi reaches an "agreement in principle" to renew his contract at Paris St-Germain says BBC Sport's Guillem Balague.
It's a year since the James Webb telescope launched, and we've marvelled at its pictures ever since.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months?
From Oscars hopefuls such as The Fabelmans to crowd-pleasers like the Barbie movie.
Volunteers are spending their day with care leavers to ensure they are not alone this Christmas.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months?
Esther Abrami has worked with The Snowman composer Howard Blake on a new arrangement.
Families tell of how Christmas is a time when they reflect on their loved ones who have died.
One photographer has been capturing the capital from a helicopter - and shares his festive results.
RnB singer Akon is planning a Senegalese super-city running on cryptocurrency. But will it happen?
Valeria Shashenok will be spending the festive season in London, not with her loved ones in Ukraine.
Danube Street in Edinburgh was once home to Scotland's most famous brothel.
An amputee says she feels less isolated since she started helping other people who have lost limbs.
Video of Lesya and Valeriy's military checkpoint wedding went viral in March 2022.
Explore the data on coronavirus in the UK.
Richard Wigglesworth wins his first match as interim head coach at Leicester as they beat Gloucester 28-8.
Reo Hatate and Kyogo Furuhashi score twice each as Celtic ease by St Johnstone to regain a nine-point lead at the summit of the Scottish Premiership.
Chris Sutton takes on singer and West Ham fan Chesney Hawkes to pick his winners and losers from the festive Premier League games.
The year 2022 has had lots of memorable sporting moments but how many do you recall? Take the BBC Sport Christmas quiz to find out.
Liverpool re-sign Gemma Bonner, who captained the side to two WSL titles in her first spell at the club.
Watch highlights from each World Cup this century and vote for which you think was the best one.
At least 38 deaths are now linked to a fearsome winter storm pummelling much of the US and Canada.
Warnings for ice and snow are in place in parts of the UK as rail strikes continue on Boxing Day.
Two people remain unaccounted for after a group is hit near a resort in western Austria.
Anger swells despite a fierce crackdown as the regime faces its biggest challenge in decades.
Five NGOs suspend operations in Afghanistan after women are banned from working for them.
Russell T Davies says he wants to give fans "a lovely little Christmas present".
The 26-year-old was shot in the head while celebrating Christmas with her sister and friends.
In his first Christmas speech, King Charles praises public services and volunteers helping those in need.
The family of Rachael Moore, 22, who died on Christmas Eve, describes her as a "caring friend".
About 20% of our water supply is lost to leaks and scientists say miniature 'pipe robots' could help.
Some of the 14 fishermen were abducted by al-Shabab militants off the Somali coast eight years ago.
The 22-year-old was in a car involved in a crash with a vehicle that had failed to stop for police.
About 20% of our water supply is lost to leaks and scientists say miniature 'pipe robots' could help.
With the winter sales season in full swing here's what you need to know before borrowing money.
A corner shop in Twickenham has been opening on Christmas Day for 25 years to help fight loneliness.
King Charles III's first Christmas Day speech dominates the headlines as papers reflect on his message.
Anne Wood tells the story of how she created the Teletubbies.
One of the holiest days for Christians is marked with festivities and prayer around the world.
Members of the Royal Family attended a Sunday morning service at St Mary Magdalene Church.
While the news dominated the choices there was room for some more unusual expressions.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
A UK charity runs the only shelter for ill-treated and abandoned donkeys in the West Bank.
Volunteers are spending their day with care leavers to ensure they are not alone this Christmas.
As the Premier League returns following the World Cup break, BBC Sport brings you up to speed on where it left off.
Tottenham boss Antonio Conte suggests he will only select players who were not involved in the World Cup for his side's Boxing Day match at Brentford.
How well can you remember kits from the past 30 years? Eight kits for each team have been jumbled up - your job is to put them in the right order.
Freya Davies, Alice Davidson-Richards, Nat Sciver and Katherine Brunt share what they would buy their teammates for Secret Santa.
Jermell Charlo's bout with Tim Tszyu is postponed after the undisputed super-welterweight world champion breaks his hand in training.
Bravemansgame heads nine horses declared for the King George VI Chase at Kempton on 26 December.
A man, 30, and a woman, 19, are in custody after being held in connection with Elle Edwards's killing.
The city's death toll from severe blizzard conditions soars to 25, about half the nationwide total.
The airbase, used by Russian planes targeting Ukraine, is hit for the second time this month.
The measure, to take effect from 8 January, is part of China's about-turn on its zero-Covid policy.
A woman and four children have also been taken to hospital after two cars collided on the Dungannon Road.
The 10.7 million who saw King Charles's message compares with 8.96 million who watched the Queen a year ago.
More people headed to the shops compared to last year but numbers remain far below pre-Covid levels.
The body of a woman is found two days after a bus falls from a bridge into a river in the Galicia region.
The former PM tells the BBC that Rishi Sunak should avoid creating new loopholes for criminal gangs.
The wife and daughter of Ali Daei, who has backed protesters, are taken off a flight out of Iran.
"Unmanned aerial vehicles" violated South Korean airspace, say the country's joint chiefs of staff.
Eight fire engines were sent to the scene and a building has partially collapsed due to the fire.
Kathy Burke and Richard E Grant are among the celebrity names remembering Ronan Vibert.
Arsenal underline their title credentials by fighting back to beat West Ham as they move seven points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Tributes to Elle Edwards, who was shot dead in a pub on Christmas Eve, dominate Tuesday's front papers.
Anger swells despite a fierce crackdown as the regime faces its biggest challenge in decades.
Hundreds brave the North Sea as the Cromer dip makes a welcome comeback.
Doctor Who, a 007 global contest and the return of Waterloo Road are among next year's TV treats.
Locals on Union Island are trained to ensure a diminutive reptile does not get wiped out by poachers.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months?
This is the festive quiz in which no-one is expected to know any of the answers.
A decade on from the UK's first hand transplant, a Leeds patient and his surgeon tell their story.
Nika survived the Russian assault on Kharkiv earlier this year, and is now settled in the UK.
As the Premier League returns following the World Cup break, BBC Sport brings you up to speed on where it left off.
Sequins are nearly always made of plastic and will take hundreds of years or more to decompose.
Premier League football resumes with a feast of Boxing Day fixtures which produces 25 goals, as table-toppers Arsenal show no signs of letting up.
Liverpool agree to sign Netherlands forward Cody Gakpo from PSV Eindhoven, say the Dutch club.
Eddie Howe may allow the Newcastle fans to let their imaginations run wild, but he is remaining grounded for now.
Ospreys defeat 14-man Scarlets 34-14 in the United Rugby Championship after Argentina flanker Tomas Lezana is shown a fifth-minute red card.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer shows how Bukayo Saka came to the fore against West Ham in the absence of injured striker Gabriel Jesus.
Jurgen Klopp says Stefan Bajcetic's goal for Liverpool was "like a Christmas story" after their win at Aston Villa.
Cody Fisher's "heart-broken" family pays tribute to their "best friend" who died in a nightclub.
Nearly half of the confirmed deaths have been in the hard-hit town of Buffalo, New York.
But Chinese tourists will not have unfettered access to all countries - as some impose restrictions.
The Ukrainian city, liberated from Russian control last month, is coming under heavy bombardment.
About 1,000 workers at six UK airports will resume their walkout over pay and conditions.
Properties were evacuated and four people taken to hospital after the incident in Evesham.
An investigation has begun after a pedestrian was struck by a marked police car in Livingston on Boxing Day.
The oil price cap, agreed by Western countries, aims to reduce Russian revenue for its war in Ukraine.
Strikes this week include staff from customer service, safety and timetabling at three companies.
Police issue a new CCTV image of Lyla Lake, who was last seen at Reading train station a week ago.
Meat millionaire Pavel Antov, who recently denied criticising the war in Ukraine, had just turned 65.
PM Pedro Sánchez backs aid for households amid an energy crisis prompted by Russia's war in Ukraine.
Sean Dilley says he acted 'instinctively' after being targeted in central London early on Tuesday.
European countries are helping consumers facing surging energy prices.
The people struggling to make ends meet in a village deemed England's "least deprived" area.
Looming strikes and sexual assault claims at the Sandhurst military academy lead the papers.
Join us as we lift the curtain on some of the most anticipated books coming our way next year.
Recruitment of Welsh language teachers in the Argentine province has been difficult since Covid.
The musician tells Jamie Oliver, who is guest editing R4's Today, how cooking is a space for his neurodiversity.
A battered little piece of jewellery found in a Norfolk field is much older than first thought.
Women open up about the problem of opioid abuse in Somalia following the death of a popular TikToker.
A robot has given evidence in Parliament, an MP has used a chatbot to write a speech - what next?
A Scottish soldier fighting in Ukraine had a few hours' respite before going back to the front line.
It’s dangerous and painstaking work, and even a momentary lapse of concentration could prove fatal.
After 12 years, Jamz Supernova looks back with pride as she hangs up her 1Xtra headphones.
Why has a fictional miracle cure taken off online - and who's making money out of it?
A terminally-ill father was able to meet his first grandchild after his daughter had IVF treatment.
In-form Marcus Rashford is scoring goals for Manchester United, but Alan Shearer and Michael Owen explain why the club should still buy a striker.
Chelsea boost their top-four hopes as they resume their Premier League season with a comfortable victory over Bournemouth at Stamford Bridge.
Marcus Rashford is instrumental as Manchester United continue their renaissance with a comfortable Premier League win over Nottingham Forest.
Anass Zaroury hits the fastest Championship goal of the season - after just 49 seconds - as leaders Burnley beat Birmingham City.
Manchester United manager Erik Ten Hag believes his team are capable of increasing the number of goals they score in games, having seen them beat Nottingham Forest 3-0.
Bristol Bears produce a gutsy defensive performance to beat Harlequins and move off the bottom of the Premiership table.
Shaunagh Brown ends her rugby career on a high as Harlequins thrash Bristol Bears to leapfrog them in the Premier 15s table.
Several other countries have imposed restrictions on travellers from China as Covid cases surge.
Cody Fisher was fatally injured while on a night out in Birmingham on Boxing Day.
The Vatican says the ex-Pope's condition has worsened and Pope Francis asks pilgrims to pray.
The Bafta-winning actor was best known for political satire, including Bremner, Bird and Fortune.
Provisional figures suggest this year's average temperature will beat the all-time high set in 2014.
The former detainee tells the tennis star how she watched his second Wimbledon triumph in 2016.
The shooting of Elle Edwards, 26, was "the most appalling and callous murder", a detective says.
Health officials investigate possible Step A links to child's death, as police inquiry continues.
Two boys, aged 17, are charged with Emma Lovell's murder, Queensland police say.
Clean-up is underway in Erie County, which was one of the hardest hit regions in the US.
The US company says the levy on its profits will discourage future investment in Europe.
At least one person has been killed after heavy fog caused a pile-up near the city of Zhengzhou.
Erling Haaland becomes the fastest player to reach 20 Premier League goals as Manchester City overcome a stubborn Leeds to reduce Arsenal's lead at the top of the table to five points.
If you're tempted to buy a heated airer, then watch this. We investigate whether it's worth it.
Struggling single dad Samuel, from Bristol, is flooded with offers of help after featuring on the BBC.
Gig economy workers say they're having to make changes as orders drop and their wages stagnate.
The low-cost way of life is not immune to the rising cost of items like fuel and food.
The Ukrainian city, liberated from Russian control last month, is coming under heavy bombardment.
Dealing with menopause wasn't how Emma, Soe-Myat and Elspeth had imagined their 20s.
Jasmine Harrison, 23, explains what it was like to spend three months swimming the length of the UK.
The BBC's political editor looks back at some of the moments away from the photo-op in a dramatic year at Westminster.
Adama Diémé was motivated after seeing once-verdant villages in Senegal without a single tree.
A 19-year-old was just months away from becoming the first woman in her family to go to university until the ban.
From Wagatha Christie to Batgirl, these moments were some of the year's most unfortunate.
"Other countries try it but it's not the same," argues one local - the hairstyle is a national icon.
Meet the social media influencers sharing their love of the Welsh language to new audiences.
Liverpool reach an agreement to sign Netherlands forward Cody Gakpo from Dutch club PSV Eindhoven.
Captain Leah Williamson admits she feared missing games during England's successful Euro 2022 campaign because of her endometriosis.
Watch Cody Gakpo's goals for the Netherlands at the 2022 World Cup, as Liverpool reach agreement to sign the striker from PSV Eindhoven.
Celtic will go into next week's "showcase" Glasgow derby on a run of 12 straight Scottish Premiership wins after thumping Hibernian at Easter Road.
Revitalised Rangers maintain Michael Beale's 100% start going into the Old Firm derby as Motherwell's worrying run in the Scottish Premiership continues.
Brazil legend Pele, who is regarded by many as football's greatest player, dies at the age of 82.
BBC Sport selects seven of the finest moments from Pele's stellar career to illustrate just what makes him so special.
The pioneer who brought punk-inspired creations to the mainstream has died aged 81.
The provocative doyenne of British fashion married punk style with the flamboyance of high fashion.
Beijing is finally opening its borders - but some countries are wary of a Covid threat.
Files reveal Tony Blair's government was once offered the chance to move the venue out of London.
The then prime minister believed Russia's president was at heart a "patriot", archive files reveal.
The UK is considering restrictions on visitors from China as the US, Japan and Italy reintroduce testing.
Police have released footage of a suspect's arrest over a pub shooting that killed Elle Edwards.
Ukrainian officials say cities across the country are targeted in several waves of strikes.
There is concern about the plans of Benjamin Netanyahu and his far-right and religious allies.
For the first time in modern history a living Pope will help bury a dead Pope.
Patients at Askern Medical Practice are told they have aggressive lung cancer in a messaging error.
Eleri fitted a new kitchen for her friend using £300 worth of upcycled materials.
Tributes to Brazilian football icon Pele following his death and the financial toll of strikes lead the front pages.
She was the anarchic idealist who stormed the battlements of the status quo and transformed Britain.
It has been a tough year with more challenges to come, but some retailers are proving the fittest can survive.
A selection of some of the most powerful pictures taken by news agency photographers around the UK this year.
Accounts have gained huge followings with odd "crafting" videos - but is there another side to them?
Hospitals are under pressure in China following the easing of lockdown restrictions.
Olympic champion Eve Muirhead speaks to BBC Scotland about the defining year of her career.
Motherhood has been at the centre of heated US debate - this school shows how it's reshaping lives.
Jurgen Klopp says he sees similarities between Darwin Nunez's early Liverpool career and Robert Lewandowski's start at Borussia Dortmund.
Chris Sutton takes on Afrobeats star and Manchester United fan Maulo to pick his winners and losers from this weekend's Premier League games.
"King" Pele "changed everything", says Brazil forward Neymar as tributes pour in for the late footballing legend.
Watch some of the best World Cup goals scored by legendary Brazilian forward Pele.
Watch as Brazil legend Pele discusses the pivotal parts of his footballing career.
BBC Brasil journalist Fernando Duarte, who has met Pele many times, explains the impact and legacy of the man known around the world as 'King Pele'.
Al Nassr want Cristiano Ronaldo and Sergio Ramos at the club, Manchester City are outbidding AC Milan for Rafael Leao, plus more.
BBC Match of the Day presenter and former England star Gary Lineker says Pele was a "legend" of football, and was "synonymous" with the sport.
The life of the man regarded by many as the finest ever player of the "beautiful game".
The football legend, regarded by many as the world's greatest player, has died at the age of 82.
Pele made football a spectacle of natural grace and beauty and became a global icon, says chief football writer Phil McNulty.
BBC Sport's Joe Wilson reports on the life and career of Edson Arantes do Nascimento.
BBC Sport looks back to Pele's hat-trick against France in the 1958 World Cup semi-final which later saw Brazil become world champions.
In the latest of our World Cup icons series, BBC Sport tells the story of Pele and his role in helping Brazil bring us the beautiful game in 1970.
The Queen guitarist is knighted in a list that also celebrates the Lionesses' Euro 2022 victory.
The UK says it is acting over concerns about infection data provided by the Chinese government.
The controversial influencer is detained in an investigation into rape and human trafficking.
The 28-year-old faces four counts of first-degree murder and burglary in a case that shocked the US.
The PM says 2022 has been tough but promises to focus on people's priorities, in New Year's message.
New year bookings at bars and restaurants are down due to rail strikes and price rises, industry experts say.
As the disease surges in China, the global health agency tells Chinese officials it needs to see more data on its spread.
The former president's returns showed big losses, complicated business set-ups and no taxes paid in 2020.
The family of Christmas Eve pub shooting victim Elle Edwards, 26, need answers, say police.
All 16 drones - of which seven were aimed at Kyiv - were destroyed, Ukrainian representatives say.
A police officer's account of the aftermath describes "a scene of chaos and drug use".
Cristiano Ronaldo joins Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr on a deal that runs until 2025.
Three designers, spanning generations, recall the influence of the pioneering fashion creator.
Pelé won his first World Cup only 70 years after slavery was finally abolished in Brazil.
Is there evidence that travel restrictions help stop the spread of coronavirus?
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg takes to Moscow's streets to see how the Ukraine war has changed Russia.
The 36-year-old former kickboxer once said women should "bear responsibility" for sexual assault.
It has been a tough year with more challenges to come, but some retailers are proving the fittest can survive.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Wout Faes scores two own goals as Liverpool come from behind to beat Leicester in their final Premier League game of 2022.
From winning the World Cup at 17 to being widely regarded as the greatest footballer of all time - Pele's incredible life in pictures.
England and Harlequins prop Joe Marler receives a two-week ban for comments to Bristol's Jake Heenan, with a further four-week sanction suspended.
Premier League and English Football League clubs wore black armbands and held a minute's applause before kick-off in Friday's games in honour of Brazil legend Pele.
Watch some of the best World Cup goals scored by legendary Brazil forward Pele.
Brazil begins its first day of mourning the late footballing legend as landmarks are lit up in tribute.
BBC Sport's Joe Wilson reports on the life and career of Edson Arantes do Nascimento.
Artist Grayson Perry and Queen's Brian May are among the cultural figures in the New Year Honours.
England players Leah Williamson and Beth Mead and former Olympic heptathlon champion Denise Lewis are among those recognised in the New Year's Honours
Chris Bryant and Julian Lewis are among the political figures recognised in the New Year Honours list.
Business leaders, a master distiller and a Beano illustrator are among those recognised by the King.
Dara McAnulty and Pat Jennings are among those from Northern Ireland on the New Year Honours list.
Non-league footballer Cody Fisher was fatally attacked at a club in Birmingham on Boxing Day.
The Most Reverend Justin Welby uses his new year's message to highlight the social care crisis.
Ukraine's president says his country will never forgive Russians for the terror they have inflicted.
The head of the Catholic Church pays his respects to his predecessor Benedict, who resigned from his post in 2013.
The Wikileaks founder fighting extradition to the US will seek leave from Belmarsh, his wife says.
Local wildlife experts say it may be the first time a walrus has been seen in Yorkshire.
Gary McKee had been aiming to reach the target for charity, having run 26.2 miles every day this year.
The West Coast Mainline is closed between Carlisle and Scotland as a clean-up takes place after Friday's floods.
The 31-year-old had been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder but has now been released.
The vote has been hailed a victory by Palestinians and described as "despicable" by Israel.
From the Queen's death to Iran's longest running protests in decades, here's how BBC News covered the year.
Teresa Hanson, 53, appeared at Hull Magistrates' Court charged with killing her husband Paul Hanson.
The first front pages of 2023 cover a range of stories, including Rishi Sunak promising "better times ahead".
When the pop song Better Days was released in 2010, it contained a secret message hidden in the catchy tune.
The Pacific nation of Kiribati was the first to see in the new year - followed by New Zealand.
Obituary of Benedict XVI, a conservative figure who became the first pope to stand down in 600 years.
A trip to the beach changed Matthew Bassett's life - now he's determined to say yes to everything.
Memorable acts from the song contest's history performed at a special concert in The Netherlands.
Pelé won his first World Cup only 70 years after slavery was finally abolished in Brazil.
Press Association photographers reflect on their best images from the past year.
The past year has seen public outrage over sewage with volunteers taking action into their own hands.
From Beyoncé and Harry Styles to Eliza Rose and Cat Burns, here are some of the years top tracks.
From a confusing news debate to a nude photoshoot, there was plenty to keep Indian social media buzzing.
The first black football icon had a huge impact in Africa and his trips to the continent were full of drama.
Mikel Arteta and Bukayo Saka insist Arsenal are not getting carried away, despite leading the league by seven points at the end of 2022.
The 2023 sporting calendar features World Cups in women's football and men's rugby union as well as men's and women's Ashes cricket series and the Ryder Cup.
Demarai Gray's stunner cancels out Erling Haaland's opener as Manchester City draw with Everton in a fractious Premier League affair.
Match of the Day pundits Alan Shearer and Danny Murphy analyse Marcus Rashford's performance at Wolves after he was dropped to the bench for internal disciplinary reasons.
Cameron Norrie beats Rafael Nadal for the first time before Katie Swan sees off Nuria Parrizas-Diaz in the United Cup.
Eddie Howe says 2022 has been a "year of real progress" after Newcastle end it third in the table despite being held to a draw by Leeds.
Saracens earn a comprehensive victory over rivals Exeter to take their lead at top of the Premiership back to 10 points.
Join us as we lift the curtain on some of the most anticipated books coming our way next year.
Doctor Who, a 007 global contest and the return of Waterloo Road are among next year's TV treats.
From Oscars hopefuls such as The Fabelmans to crowd-pleasers like the Barbie movie.
England players Leah Williamson and Beth Mead and former Olympic heptathlon champion Denise Lewis are among those recognised in the New Year's Honours
The West must be in it for the "long haul" as Russia shows no signs of relenting, says Nato's chief.
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg on the Kremlin's alternative reality as 2023 begins.
The 77-year-old says he will rebuild a country his predecessor had reduced to "terrible ruins".
More than 8,000 performers delight flag-waving crowds at an annual parade in central London.
Skylines around the world have been lit up by fireworks and bright lights as the year 2023 begins.
A viral video shows the pair performing a rendition of Abba's Waterloo in a Braemar hotel.
The Viking Orion has been denied entry to Australia as a fungus is found growing on its hull.
Volunteers are needed to help identify sharks, skates and rays as part of a conservation project.
It is the latest place to approve the process - considered to be greener than a burial or cremation.
An ice alert is in force for the whole of Scotland and train services face a week of cancellations.
A walrus, which has drawn large crowds since arriving in Scarborough on Saturday, is filmed returning to the sea.
Marc Wilkinson said he wanted to carry out an altruistic act to help people struggling with the cost of living.
The energy bill support package will continue after April, but will be less generous.
Warnings about the risk caused by NHS delays leads the front pages this Bank Holiday Monday.
The singer, whose single Go went platinum this year, takes fourth place in the BBC Sound Of 2023.
Thirty years since their break-up, Slovakia and the Czech Republic have a harmonious relationship.
From eating grapes in Madrid to a mass of balloons in Wuhan - how people have seen in the new year around the world.
How many people seek asylum in the UK versus other countries, and how many are allowed to stay?
The RSPCA shares some of the strangest animal rescues from the past year.
Who needs online dating apps when you can meet eligible partners at the tip of a sword?
The soul-quaking sounds of Gabriels have earned the band fifth place in Radio 1's Sound Of 2023 list.
The United Ukrainian Ballet represent the country's cultural frontline against the Russian invasion.
Memorable acts from the song contest's history performed at a special concert in The Netherlands.
Gerwyn Price is knocked out as Michael van Gerwen, Michael Smith, Gabriel Clemens and Dimitri van den Bergh reach the World Darts Championship semi-finals.
Nottingham Forest claim a valuable point in their relegation fight with a deserved draw against Chelsea, who lose ground on the Premier League top four.
Who is capable of doing special things? Who could make a future manager? It's Garth Crooks' Team of the Week.
Leinster apologise after the Wolfe Tones song 'Celtic Symphony' was played following Sunday's win over Connacht at the RDS.
Tottenham Hotspur head coach Antonio Conte says his side do not have many creative players after their 2-0 defeat at home to Aston Villa in the Premier League.
Former Ryder Cup player Barry Lane dies at the age of 62 after a short illness.
Following their New Year's Day loss to Aston Villa, Spurs are conceding goals at a rate not seen in the Premier League era.
Chair of the BMA council, Professor Phil Banfield, is calling on the government to "take immediate action".
Two UK citizens died in the crash, which occurred as one aircraft was taking off and the other landing.
Martina Navratilova reveals she has been diagnosed with both throat and breast cancer.
He also says "they've shown absolutely no willingness to reconcile", but it is not clear who he is referring to in the trailer.
Ukraine's president says Moscow aims to exhaust his country with a prolonged wave of drone strikes.
Child drumming prodigy White was one of the early members of the band with several of his brothers.
There was a huge response from the emergency services following the blaze in the Scottish city.
The brightly painted wooden sarcophagus was smuggled to the US by a global art trafficking network.
The advice to parents at the end of the Christmas break comes amid high levels of flu and Covid cases.
The two male lawmakers attacked Amy Ndiaye after she criticised an opposition religious figure.
Thousands of mourners pay their respects to Brazil legend Pele who is lying in state at the stadium of his former club, Santos.
Trevor Bickford is accused of attacking three officers near Times Square during new year celebrations.
Only 20% of services are expected to run this week due to walkouts by RMT and Aslef union members.
The Duke of Sussex's calls to reconcile with his father and brother leads Tuesday's front pages.
David Downes, who paints from his photographic memory, says being autistic has shaped his whole life.
A hospital told Sulemana he was 9ft 6in, but nurses couldn't be sure - so the BBC went to find out.
People in the black community are urging others to speak out about their experience with OCD.
Liverpool miss the chance to reduce the gap to Premier League's top four as Brentford punish their defensive frailties in a deserved victory at the Community Stadium.
The second Old Firm game of the season ended with managers Michael Beale and Ange Postecoglou pleased with their sides' performance.
Matt Proudfoot leaves his role as England forwards coach less than a month after Eddie Jones' departure as head coach.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "not happy" with his side's performance in the 3-1 loss against Brentford at the Community Stadium.
Cristiano Ronaldo's contract has Newcastle clause, Benoit Badiashile set for Chelsea medical, Liverpool target Matheus Nunes, plus more.
Michael van Gerwen and Michael Smith will contest the PDC World Darts Championship final after semi-final wins on Monday.
US golfer Scott Stallings is handed a shock after discovering his Masters invitation has been sent to another person of the same name.
The health secretary blames the pandemic and flu for NHS pressures, but insists government has right plan.
The ambition for pupils in England will feature in the prime minister's first speech of 2023.
From Spain to Latvia, national and regional records for January are broken across the continent.
Russia now says 89 soldiers were killed in the attack in Makiivka, in the occupied Donetsk region.
A play-by-play of the Republican leader's efforts to become Speaker of the House.
What you need to know about the rail strike and other strike action this week, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
The girl, who took her own life, should have been seen as a victim not a terrorist, her mum says.
The footballing legend was laid to rest after a huge procession through the streets of Santos.
Shops may have no choice but to up prices when energy bills rise in April, the retail industry body says.
Prosecutors say robbers threatened to stab the Olympic cyclist in front of his three-year-old son.
Eleanor Williams lied to police and posted on Facebook she had been trafficked by an "Asian gang".
As China opens its borders, countries around the world have announced testing for arrivals.
Michael Smith wins the PDC World Championship for the first time, beating Michael van Gerwen 7-4 in a magnificent final.
Most of Wednesday's papers report Rishi Sunak's pledge to make maths compulsory for under-18s.
Eleanor Williams said she was the victim of a grooming gang and many in her home town believed her.
American football star Damar Hamlin is the latest athlete to encounter heart problems.
The Californian congressman is struggling to secure enough votes for the House of Representatives' top job.
World Cup skiers will race on artificial snow this Saturday as the Alps see record high temperatures.
China is ramping up its vaccination programme in response to the latest wave of Covid.
Every year around this time, stargazers get ready to enjoy the annual Quadrantid meteor shower. Find out all you need to know about it and how you can see it here.
The BBC's Sean Dilley meets a volunteer puppy raiser, hoping to help a blind person be independent.
Working four days a week might seem radical. But it wasn't so long ago that a six-day week was normal.
Covid-19 and ethical concerns are drastically reshaping the industry in Thailand.
After Tuesday's heavy defeat by Brighton, BBC Sport asks whether Frank Lampard can survive as Everton manager.
Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says he is "really proud" of his side but they should have been awarded two penalties in their draw against Newcastle.
A procession carrying Pelé's coffin passed through the streets of Santos, before a private family burial.
Portugal captain Cristiano Ronaldo says his work in Europe is done despite having "many opportunities" to join other clubs before signing for Al Nassr.
Marcus Rashford scores again as Manchester United stretched their winning run in all competitions to six games with a comfortable victory over Bournemouth.
Tensions soared as Pyongyang tested a record number of missiles in 2022 - what comes next?
As the conflict enters its second calendar year, experts predict what could happen on the ground.
Doctor Who, a 007 global contest and the return of Waterloo Road are among next year's TV treats.
Rishi Sunak also makes pledges on the economy and small boat crossings in his first major speech of 2023.
Sir Keir will promise "national renewal" but no "spending our way out of a crisis", in a major speech.
Travel in and out of China gets easier from Sunday, as it moves away from its zero-Covid strategy.
What you need to know about the rail strike and other industrial action this week, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
The London trio, whose throwback R&B sound is compared to Destiny's Child, are tipped for the top.
A family is stunned to find a fox with just two legs in their back garden.
There were no ambulances available to respond after an 83-year-old man collapsed.
People in Bakhmut, at the epicentre of the war, live in defiance under constant Russian bombardment.
Dr Vishwaraj Vemala was on a flight to India when a passenger went into cardiac arrest
The mayor of Berlin plans a youth violence summit after police and firefighters come under attack.
The former health secretary tells users they will still be able keep up with him on TikTok.
All UK households are getting £400 off their winter energy bill and many on low incomes get extra help.
The energy bill support package will continue after April, but will be less generous.
Can the prime minister achieve his promises and is he taking a big political risk in making them?
The issue of people crossing the English Channel in small boats was a key part of Rishi Sunak's speech.
Russia says mobile phone signals gave their troops' position away before a Ukrainian attack.
The latest Omicron variant is making scientists take notice in the US - so what do you need to know?
Witty and incisive novelist whose often colourful private life read like one of her own plots.
Republican Kevin McCarthy is seeking to become Speaker, one of the most powerful roles in US politics.
GP surgeries across the country are likely to face intense demand this week after the Christmas break.
Thousands have come to Las Vegas for one of the world's largest technology shows.
Harry Styles, Cat Burns and Kate Bush scored huge hits, as UK music fans streamed 159 billion songs.
Harry Kane scores two of Tottenham's four second-half goals after they eventually cruise to a Premier League win over Crystal Palace.
The mother of United States midfielder Giovanni Reyna says she reported head coach Gregg Berhalter for kicking his wife when they were teenagers.
Rodrigo scores a fine 70th-minute equaliser for Leeds United to deny fourth-bottom West Ham United a much-needed win.
West Ham manager David Moyes describes David Gold as "a good man and a sensible man" who was supportive and keen to see the club do well.
Match of the Day pundit Ian Wright explains how a "fantastic" performance from 21-year-old Spanish winger Bryan Gil gave Tottenham the creativity they needed to beat Crystal Palace.
The American football player is still under intensive care after collapsing during a game on Monday.
Harry claims William physically attacked him, and says he urged his father not to marry Camilla.
The duke says those meant to defend him were feeding the media negative stories, writes the BBC's Jonny Dymond.
Putin orders a 36-hour Orthodox Christmas ceasefire, which Ukraine says is mere propaganda.
Fire, ambulance and rail would have to provide minimum services in laws planned for later this year.
What you need to know about the rail strike and other industrial action, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
From birth, the royal brother's lives have been closely watched from around the world.
The Labour leader promises to transfer powers from Westminster and turn the slogan into a "solution".
Gunfire hits a plane and gangs erect road blocks after a son of drug kingpin "El Chapo" is arrested.
Buffalo Bills player is "neurologically intact" after collapsing on the pitch after a cardiac arrest.
When there is no mobile coverage, phones will be able to send and receive emergency texts via satellite.
Police, who describe the death as suspicious, say more tests are needed to discover how he died.
Former Pope Benedict's funeral takes place at the Vatican, as Francis celebrates Mass with pilgrims.
We investigate if getting a gym membership could actually save you money in the shower.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen slightly, but inflation remains near a 40-year high.
Forecasts suggest bills for households may drop later in the year, although a rise in April remains certain.
All UK households are getting £400 off their winter energy bill and many on low incomes get extra help.
Could fresh concessions by Kevin McCarthy to the rebels give him the Speaker votes he needs?
Ros Atkins looks at the issue of how the NHS has been funded.
What are the rules on striking and do you have to be a trade union member to take part?
Around 90% of the Sierra Madre, which protects the Philippines from the worst of climate change, is gone.
News of public figures' deaths has sparked speculation about greater losses than officials have reported.
English heavy metal band Iron Maiden have been honoured with a set of twelve commemorative stamps.
The Project Leonardo controller is announced five years after Microsoft released its accessible gamepad.
The average annual temperature last year was more than 10C for the first time, the Met Office says.
Miners in Somaliland are uprooting centuries-old trees used since antiquity to make perfume.
A documentary about the Nan Goldin-led protests against the Sackler family aims for more award glory.
The latest Omicron variant is making scientists take notice in the US - so what do you need to know?
A Ukrainian missile attack killed dozens of Russian conscripts in Makiivka.
The economic crisis may no longer make headlines but it has a devastating effect on education.
Jack Grealish admits his move to Manchester City has been "much more difficult" than he imagined after setting up their winner at Chelsea.
Champions Manchester City move to within five points of Arsenal at the top of the Premier League with a win at Chelsea.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says he will be patient reintroducing Jadon Sancho to his team as "footballers are not robots".
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says 18-year-old Rico Lewis had an "extraordinary" impact after coming on as a half-time substitute and helping his side to victory over Chelsea.
Who is a handful for defenders? Who has enormous mental strength? It's Garth Crooks' Team of the Week.
Emma Raducanu criticises the "slippery" courts as she retires early with an ankle injury against Viktoria Kuzmova, 11 days before the Australian Open
In his book, Harry says killing 25 Taliban fighters was like removing chess pieces from a board.
Revelations from Prince Harry's memoir have upended a carefully co-ordinated marketing strategy.
Despite losing 13 votes, the Republican says he will prevail when lawmakers reconvene on Friday night.
The teacher is left with life-threatening injuries after the shooting in the state of Virginia.
The Rail Delivery Group says its offer would see wages for drivers rise by £5,000 by the end of 2023.
What you need to know about the rail strike and other industrial action, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
The creator of The Buddha of Suburbia and My Beautiful Launderette says he believed he was dying.
Donna Janse Van Rensburg, Sharon McLean and Keith Russell died in a fire at the New County Hotel.
Former Chelsea striker and manager Gianluca Vialli, who played 59 times for Italy, dies at the age 58.
The star tops the charts as an independent artist, after her label refused to release her debut album.
Harzat Wali, 18, was stabbed in Twickenham in October 2021. A youth, 17, is on trial for murder.
Romeo Beckham, son of former England captain David, joins Brentford's B team on loan from Inter Miami II until the end of the season.
Denise Coates is one of the richest women in Britain, having founded the firm in Stoke-on-Trent.
The first orbital rocket launch from Britain is about to blast off - but it's just the start for the UK's race to space.
Flu, staff shortages and Covid backlogs are putting the NHS under severe strain, find out what's happening in your area.
RMT boss criticises the PM for saying he wants a “grown-up conversation” with the unions.
How did we get here and what happens next as 10 players are suspended in a corruption inquiry.
Gianluca Vialli, who has died aged 58, was one of the modern era's great strikers and also one of its most popular and endearing figures, writes Phil McNulty.
At the Torgon ski resort in the Valais Alps it's hikers rather than skiers on the slopes.
Police warn of a rising number of luxury vehicles being stolen to order by criminal gangs.
Shekeila Scarlett, one of the youngest people in the UK to chair a board of governors, argues the body should reflect the students.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Around 90% of the Sierra Madre, which protects the Philippines from the worst of climate change, is gone.
Leeds 2023 is about to begin, bringing a year of cultural celebrations. But how did it come about?
The shipping industry is experimenting with foils, sails and fuel to make itself less carbon intensive.
What are the rules on striking and do you have to be a trade union member to take part?
Manchester United move into round four of the FA Cup thanks to a hard-fought victory over Everton at Old Trafford.
Lord Patel announces he will step down as Yorkshire chair at the club's next annual general meeting in March.
Watch highlights as Marcus Rashford creates two goals and scores an injury-time penalty to give Manchester United a 3-1 FA Cup third-round win against Everton.
Owen Farrell scores a last-minute drop-goal as Saracens beat Gloucester 19-16 in a Premiership thriller at Kingsholm.
NFL owners approve changes to the AFC play-off structure after the game between the Cincinnati Bengals and the Buffalo Bills was cancelled.
Watch as Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea allows the ball to go through his legs, gifting Conor Coady a goal for Everton during their FA Cup third round tie at Old Trafford.
In interviews and his book Spare, Prince Harry recalls in detail his own past racism scandals.
Prince Harry describes how he found about the late Queen's death and his last conversation with her.
Harry claims William physically attacked him, and says he urged his father not to marry Camilla.
The duke says those meant to defend him were feeding the media negative stories, writes the BBC's Jonny Dymond.
Grief at his mother's death and anger towards his family - our royal correspondent explores Spare.
The Duke of Sussex's memoir Spare is published on 10 January, but many key claims have been leaked.
The Duke of Sussex opens up about his fractured relationship with his brother.
In a new clip, he also speaks about how difficult it was to meet the public after his mother died.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak met health leaders to discuss ways to tackle the pressures facing the NHS.
The PM says he wants to fix the health service, but there are no easy answers, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Constance Marten and Mark Gordon went missing with their baby after breaking down on the M61.
The Republican is finally chosen after a week of chaos and angry scenes between colleagues in his own party.
Mike Rogers dramatically confronts a fellow Republican after 14 rounds of voting for Kevin McCarthy.
Mohammad Mahdi Karami and Seyed Mohammad Hosseini said they had been forced to make false confessions.
Ana Montes was described as being among "the most damaging spies" ever caught by the US.
The film director tells Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg he has "total sympathy" with the idea.
Liverpool and Wolves are forced to settle for an FA Cup third-round replay after a thrilling encounter finishes level at Anfield.
Social media platform Weibo says it acted over personal attacks against Chinese Covid experts.
Six journalists have been detained over footage of the South Sudan president appearing to wet himself.
The event, scheduled for Monday, will be livestreamed and all tickets available to the public have gone.
Higher rates mean that some people are putting off buying a home or renewing mortgages.
Sunday's papers feature more reaction to Prince Harry's forthcoming book, Spare, which will be released on Tuesday.
Few in Ukraine's eastern city of Bakhmut expected Russia's declared truce to be matched with action.
There's been speculation public meetings with President Putin have been staged.
The new Speaker has offered guarantees to the rebels. But every concession comes with a cost.
Entrepreneurs who started internet firms in lockdown are making the transition to bricks and mortar.
A group of entrepreneurs speak to the BBC about the challenges of running start-ups during a war. 
A selection of powerful images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
The drop in temperature has caused disruptions to rail, air and road transport across Indian states.
Boss Julen Lopetegui says it is "impossible" that Wolves had a winning goal ruled out in their FA Cup third-round draw at Liverpool.
League One side Sheffield Wednesday pull off a FA Cup shock as they knock out Premier League Newcastle United.
Manager David Moyes hopes West Ham United's FA Cup win at Brentford will prove to be a turning point in their season.
Liverpool and Wolves are forced to settle for an FA Cup third-round replay after a thrilling encounter finishes level 2-2 at Anfield.
Watch highlights as League One Sheffield Wednesday pull off a memorable FA Cup shock as they knock out the Premier League's third-placed side Newcastle United.
Championship strugglers Blackpool humble Premier League outfit Nottingham Forest to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
There has been "little progress" in recent efforts at tackling barriers to participation in sport and physical activity in England, say an influential group of MPs.
Why Harry isn't the first person to have the predicament of being the royal understudy.
Revelations from Prince Harry's memoir have upended a carefully co-ordinated marketing strategy.
Jonathan Dimbleby interviewed and wrote a book about the then Prince Charles in 1994.
Harry claims William physically attacked him, and says he urged his father not to marry Camilla.
Unite says NHS talks were a "missed opportunity", as unions say this week's strikes will go ahead.
Prince Harry tells a US interviewer his mother would have been upset at the fallout between her sons.
Wales captain Gareth Bale announces his retirement from football at the age of 33.
A search is under way for two British nationals in the eastern Donetsk region of Ukraine, officials say.
A modified jumbo jet will fly out of Cornwall on a mission to send nine satellites to orbit.
A crowd gathered in Karaj amid reports authorities were preparing to execute another two protesters.
Renters are being hit harder than owners by rising housing costs, official data shows.
A trial of two men hears the elite cyclist's home was broken into and high-value watches were stolen.
Some 89% of people in Henan province have been infected but visits to clinics have peaked.
Stephen Easterbrook was fired in 2019 after the firm found he had had a consensual relationship with an employee.
James Cleverley and Maros Šefčovič say the agreement gives a new basis for NI protocol talks.
Irish broadcaster RTÉ announces Public Image Ltd will compete with five other acts for the title.
Suzanne Mulholland's time saving tips have gathered her a significant following on social media.
Members of a farming community who live in an old friary feel protected from the cost-of-living crisis.
Edith Thompson's lover killed her husband in an attack she didn't want to happen. Why was she hanged?
Activists and police are facing off in Lützerath, where diggers plan to expand a giant coal mine.
Fresh accusations emerge in South Africa against former teacher at Boris Johnson's elite prep school.
With their cash-strapped economy still adrift, Sri Lankans say their struggle has not ended.
Some predict that in the future we'll work in virtual worlds, but others are not convinced.
Residents of south-eastern Nigeria live in fear as a separatist rebellion has upended daily life.
Three eco-conscious young people from around the world call for more action on the climate crisis.
Heezy Yang uses his drag act Hurricane Kimchi to raise awareness of South Korea's LGBT community.
BBC Sport looks back at Gareth Bale's best Premier League moments as he retires from football aged 33.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan swept Luca Brecel aside to reach the quarter-finals of the Masters with a 6-1 win at Alexandra Palace.
Chelsea are close to signing Atletico Madrid and Portugal forward Joao Felix on loan for the rest of the season.
FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulaymen's vocal support for the mooted Andretti team reflects a wider power struggle at the heart of F1, writes Andrew Benson.
Emma Raducanu says she hopes she will be fit for this month's Australian Open but is trying "not to expect too much".
Watch the moment Gareth Bale scores Wales' first World Cup goal in 64 years to earn a draw against the United States.
While much has been said about Bolsonaro's loss, this is more about the man he lost to - Lula.
President Lula has questioned police actions in failing to prevent the storming of government buildings.
Thousands of protesters ransacked the Congress, presidential palace, and Supreme Court in Brasília.
As Bolsonaro supporters stormed Congress, locals in Brasilia were forced to shelter in fear.
How Brazil's Congress came to be stormed by supporters of ex-President Bolsonaro.
It is no mere coincidence that scenes in Brasilia resemble events at the US Capitol on 6 January 2021
The government says the current level of support for firms was "unsustainably expensive".
Unite says NHS talks were a "missed opportunity", as unions say planned strikes will go ahead.
A search is under way for British nationals Andrew Bagshaw and Christopher Parry in Ukraine.
The BBC's Analysis editor looks at the recent history behind Sunday’s riots in the Brazilian capital.
A global agreement in 1987 to ban chemicals harming the ozone layer is working, scientists say.
Around 90% of Californians - some 34 million people - are under flood watches and advisories.
The action by primary teachers will be followed by a walkout by secondary teachers on Wednesday.
Buffalo Bills safety Damar Hamlin is discharged from a Cincinnati hospital one week after suffering a cardiac arrest during an NFL game.
Beth Matthews, a patient at a psychiatric hospital, ordered the substance online, an inquest hears.
The energy bill support package will continue after April, but will be less generous.
Eddie Nketiah scores twice as Arsenal beat League One Oxford United to set up an FA Cup fourth-round tie with Premier League rivals Manchester City.
Watch highlights as Arsenal cruise past League One side Oxford United 3-0 to set up an FA Cup fourth round tie with Manchester City.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan swept Luca Brecel aside to reach the quarter-finals of the Masters with a 6-1 win at Alexandra Palace.
BBC Sport examines the key stages of the Wales captain Gareth Bale's evolution during his stellar career.
Brazil mourns the loss of key parts of its artistic collection damaged by rioters.
Health managers say Wednesday's walkout in England and Wales will be harder to cope with.
The firm, formerly known as Hermes, says staff shortages, Royal Mail strikes and bad weather have caused disruption.
Prince Harry's book, with sex, drugs and monarchy, reaches parts never seen before in a royal memoir.
The controversial influencer remains in detention as part of a human trafficking probe.
The cleric's convictions on child abuse charges - since quashed on appeal - shocked the Catholic Church.
What you need to know about the ambulance workers' strike and other industrial action, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
Counter-terrorism officers are investigating the shipment, which originated from Pakistan.
Chris Parry, 28, has been missing in Ukraine along with Andrew Bagshaw, 48, since Friday.
Russia's Wagner mercenaries claim to be in control - but Kyiv says its troops are still holding out.
The hosts of the award-winning podcast about dealing with cancer say they plan to stand down.
It is "time to take action to address our shameful past," says the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Hundreds of thousands are without power in the state, while millions more are at risk from flooding.
Rachael and Helen Patching, aged 33 and 52, from Kent, were visiting Ystradfellte while on holiday.
A group of volunteers in Camden, London, want to save your broken electricals from the scrapheap.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people can get extra help with energy bills.
New figures show more than 650,000 people died in the UK last year.
US law prohibits charging a six-year-old as an adult and the minimum age for a juvenile prison is 11.
Early trade body figures suggest "extraordinary" record sales in the entertainment sector.
The sisters of a six-year-old say the authorities will not tell them why her killer is back in jail.
About 1,000 people are still being held and questioned in connection with the 8 December riots.
Edith Thompson, 29, was executed 100 years ago after her lover murdered her husband.
The awards ceremony is back this year, but the body behind it remains controversial in Hollywood.
New racquet sports are stepping out of tennis' shadows but, as pickleball and padel boom with the help of celebrities, there has also been some backlash.
Companies are facing tough choices as the government reveals a new energy bills support scheme.
Gabon's Jaures Kombila can get into almost any position using his amazingly flexible body.
Engineers are working on building solar farms robust enough to survive in the open ocean.
Manchester United beat Charlton Athletic to reach the Carabao Cup semi-finals after goals from Antony and Marcus Rashford prove the difference at Old Trafford.
Newcastle boss Eddie Howe says "you couldn't script it" as Dan Burn's first goal for his boyhood club sends them on their way to the Carabao Cup semi-finals.
Jofra Archer takes three wickets as the England bowler makes an impressive return to competitive cricket after 17 months out with injury.
Mark Williams moves into the quarter-finals of the Masters with a 6-2 win over David Gilbert as Barry Hawkins whitewashes Mark Allen.
Former England, British & Irish Lions and Coventry back David Duckham dies aged 76.
Novak Djokovic, Ons Jabeur and six other players will form the first executive committee of the controversial Professional Tennis Players Association.
A wasp causes chaos in Mark Williams' first-round Masters match against David Gilbert at Alexandra Palace.
The controversial memoir has sold more than 400,000 copies on its first day of sale in the UK.
The duke says he is a Friends fanatic and the Queen quizzed Meghan about Donald Trump when they met.
Members of the public explain why they are keen to read Spare, as it goes on sale in London.
The Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist is the creme de la creme of celebrity ghostwriters.
In the US, Harry and Meghan have found a more welcoming audience, our North America editor writes.
Fans queue to buy a hardback copy of the duke's memoir as it went on sale at midnight.
A bookseller placed Prince Harry's memoir Spare beside Bella Mackie's novel How to Kill Your Family.
The Duke of Sussex's memoir Spare has finally been published after a series of leaks.
The NHS says there is an "urgent need" for ethnic minority organ donors to help find the best matches.
The reshuffle comes as Russians claim to be making progress in eastern Ukraine after months of reverses.
One of rock's most influential guitarists, he was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice.
The original cache is under review by US prosecutors, in a political embarrassment for the White House.
Citizens Advice says people moved to the pay-as-you-go method risked going without heat and light.
Teachers are trying to find ways to challenge boys who admire the controversial influencer.
Bernard Arnault made his fortunes as chief executive of French fashion giant, LVMH.
Tatjana Patitz, one of the 1990's most prominent supermodels, died in California.
Alireza Akbari's wife says his family were told to go to his prison in Tehran for a "final visit".
Former world number one and four-time Grand Slam champion Naomi Osaka announces she is pregnant.
Women report positives, but also areas for improvement in a report by England's care regulator.
Irish PM Leo Varadkar and Labour's Sir Keir Starmer are set to meet Stormont's largest parties.
A rural family who ran out of heating oil say they were forced to wash their children in the kitchen.
The Conservative MP has been suspended after a tweet comparing Covid vaccine side effects to the Holocaust.
BBC Persian journalists are trolled and harassed on a daily basis, and their families persecuted.
It's still unknown who financed the violent protest and laid on the free transport to take people there.
Soledar in eastern Ukraine is the latest town to face an intense battle involving Russian forces.
The BBC's royal correspondent Daniela Relph looks at how the royals have been affected by the publishing of Spare.
The 18-month hunt for the last resting place of a dog who played Greyfriars Bobby ends in success.
Experts say player selection will be a key factor in leading India to victory in upcoming matches.
Why Africa's most-populous country is introducing new bank notes weeks before an election.
In extensive BBC interviews, Shamima Begum also reveals the detailed planning before she joined IS at 15.
Three paramedics tell BBC News what it is like to work in the strike-hit profession at the moment.
George Pell was reviled by many for his alleged role in child sexual abuse scandals.
How one man's ever-growing village archive sparked a tour of lost ale houses.
Some rural and suburban areas have no local doctors, while GPs in cities are working 60-hour weeks.
Jude's talent caught the attention of a piano tuner who surprised him with an amazing gift.
Global temperatures and rain patterns are affected by climate phenomena known as El Niño/La Niña.
What you need to know about emergency care during the ambulance strike.
Over-50s and NHS staff can get a Covid booster, as can younger people who are at higher risk.
Southampton stun Manchester City at St Mary's Stadium to move into the semi-finals of the EFL Cup.
Nottingham Forest boss Steve Cooper says reaching a first EFL Cup semi-final in 31 years will offer old and new fans the chance to dream after being drawn against Manchester United.
BBC Sport speaks to members of Team Trans, the only all-transgender ice hockey team in the US, about finding acceptance and the aftermath of Club Q.
Watch the key moments from the opening match of England and Jamaica's three-match series as the Roses come from behind to win 73-52.
UFC president Dana White suggests he will not be punished by the organisation for his part in an altercation with his wife.
Judd Trump wins a final-frame decider 6-5 against Ryan Day in the first round of the Masters and Stuart Bingham beats fellow Englishman Kyren Wilson.
Irish actor Colin Farrell is recognised for his performance in the dark comedy set on a remote island.
Hollywood stars wore a variety of eye-catching outfits to the ceremony in Los Angeles
See the full list of nominees for the 80th annual Golden Globe Awards, being updated live with winners.
The actress dedicated her Golden Globes award to other minority actors in Hollywood.
After being pared-down in 2022, the Golden Globes are back to kick off Hollywood's awards season.
Naatu Naatu from the Telugu movie RRR beat heavyweights to win the award for best original song.
Prince Harry describes his beard as a shield for anxiety amid claims he was told to shave it off.
Sharp deterioration in response times for emergencies like heart attacks and strokes in England.
The announcement came after classified files were found at the president's home and at a former office.
A review by a Tory MP, seen by the BBC, criticises "inconsistent policy" calls for a "new approach".
Police say seven dogs have been seized after officers were called to Caterham on Thursday.
The two political leaders met during Mr Sunak's first visit to Scotland since becoming PM.
The singer, who is rock legend Elvis's only child, was reportedly found unresponsive at her LA home.
Senior sister Susan Beswick is struggling to keep patients safe, as demand soars at Royal Bolton Hospital.
Researchers claim to put a number on what Exxon knew about temperature rise as early as the 1970s.
The group is working "around the clock" to resolve severe disruption to overseas deliveries.
New forecasts by Investec suggest energy bills could fall below £2,500 from July as wholesale gas prices fall.
The University and College Union said the "the clock is ticking" for a deal to be reached over pay.
Heavy rains and strong winds cause disruption in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Nearly all of the metals, used in mobile phones, electric cars and wind turbines, come from China.
Friday's papers cover calls for more people to be put on statins and Grenfell firefighters with cancer.
Two British nationals are reported missing in Ukraine. Here's what we know so far.
Ruined buildings and cratered landscape around the town in eastern Ukraine can be seen in the new images.
The 36-year-old former kickboxer once said women should "bear responsibility" for sexual assault.
The artists get four nominations each, but female acts are entirely missing in the best artist prize.
The new super space observatory probes a dynamic star factory 200,000 light years from Earth.
The incident happened after an argument with hotel staff over the loss of a laptop.
Flu, staff shortages and Covid backlogs are putting the NHS under severe strain, find out what's happening in your area.
Some images from the life of one of rock's most influential guitarists, who has died aged 78.
Patients at a London hospital are waiting 24 hours in corridors as staff endure their "hardest winter".
Will Thornton steps in to help a marsupial trying to cross the Gold Coast Highway in Queensland.
The Spice Girl will be performing at Sadler's Wells in London in January.
Joao Felix was sent off on his Chelsea debut as his new side lost to Fulham to increase the pressure on Blues boss Graham Potter.
Seven-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan is knocked out in the quarter-finals of the Masters, beaten 6-5 by Mark Williams in a thrilling contest.
Argentina forward Lionel Messi and England trio Leah Williamson, Beth Mead and Keira Walsh are among the nominees for the Fifa Best Awards.
A bad run, unhappy fans, a big injury list and their new signing suspended - things go from bad to worse for Graham Potter's Chelsea.
Novak Djokovic returns as the man to beat and Emma Raducanu hopes to lead the British bid at the Australian Open.
Saudi Arabian club Al Hilal target Lionel Messi, Arsenal are back in for Dusan Vlahovic, plus more.
Chelsea manager Graham Potter says "anything that can go wrong, is going wrong" for his side following their 2-1 defeat by Fulham at Craven Cottage.
The Manchester City footballer faces a retrial on two counts the jury could not reach verdicts on.
Russia says it has captured the salt-mine town after a long battle, but Ukraine says fighting continues.
More details emerge of a ban that businesses say could make takeaways more costly.
The GMB and the RCN unions say they will not call strikes while pay negotiations are being held.
In a new interview with the Daily Telegraph, the prince says he wants an apology for his wife, Meghan.
The singer was the only child of the "King of Rock 'n' Roll", Elvis Presley.
More than 80 flood warnings are in place across the UK, as a cold weather alert is also issued.
School chief says at least one staff member was alerted the child had a gun before the shooting.
The Labour leader says it is time for the government to put Northern Ireland above a "Brexit purity cult".
Latvia's defence minster says sabotage could not be ruled out as a cause of the blast near its border.
Jennie Gow, 45, says it will take some time for her to return to work after the stroke two weeks ago.
The number of encounters has climbed from the 144 compiled by a top US spy agency in its 2021 report.
Coroner Graeme Hughes concludes Gareth Roberts and Dominga David died of industrial disease.
Saturday's headlines include Prince Harry claiming he has enough material to write a second book.
Missionaries help grow a Christian community in Nepal - even though converting people is illegal.
There has been a backlash after no female artists were nominated for the gender-neutral music prize.
Artist Jon Tordoff made the 100 sq ft (9.2 sq m) structure at his cottage in Milford, Derbyshire.
Canadians with mental illness could soon qualify for assisted death. It's ignited debate in the country.
A government ban on battery-caged hens has led to a shortage of eggs in New Zealand.
Lucky Girl Syndrome promotes positive thinking, manifesting good vibes and is spreading online.
The city has recently become a focal point for conspiracy theories, but what are the reasons?
Pressure is mounting on the president to give further details about material found at his home and former office.
Despite his acquittal on most charges, the footballer may struggle to escape his portrayal in court.
Aston Villa may have beaten them 2-1 but Leeds boss Jesse Marsch said it was his side's "best performance" in his 11 months in charge.
Manchester United host Manchester City on Saturday in what could be one of their most evenly matched Premier League encounters in years.
Former champion Judd Trump comes from behind to beat Barry Hawkins 6-5 and reach the semi-finals of the Masters.
Leicester qualify for the Heineken Champions Cup last 16 with a game to spare as they return to winning ways at Clermont.
An investigation is looking into allegations of fraud at a company that looks after Usain Bolt's investments.
Manchester United sign Netherlands striker Wout Weghorst on loan for the rest of the season.
Figure skater Kamila Valieva bore "no fault or negligence" for a positive doping test, Russia's anti-doping agency finds.
A girl is in a life-threatening condition after a shooting which injured another child and four women.
Several cities were struck including Dnipro, where an apartment block was hit, killing at least 12.
The UK described the Iranian regime, which sentenced Alireza Akbari to death for spying, as "barbaric".
The RCN wants progress in negotiations by the end of January or says it will ballot more members.
Labour are ahead in the polls, but leader Keir Starmer has his work cut out, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Demonstrators in Tel Aviv say government plans to overhaul the judiciary would be an attack on democracy.
The US president's lawyers found additional documents at his property in Delaware.
More than 100 flood warnings are in place across the UK, as a cold weather alert is also issued.
Bright Blue says all households need a guaranteed level of income to meet the rising cost of living.
Vehicles including a Rolls-Royce and Mercedes were taken away from the influencer's Romanian home.
Rishi Sunak confirms the tanks will be provided during a call with President Zelensky.
The party says the next UK election will either be a de facto referendum or a mandate for an indyref2 vote in 2026.
After delivering what manager Jurgen Klopp described as their worst game of his Liverpool tenure, where do the struggling Reds go from here?
Winston "Mayor" Lindsay and his son, Zayden, perform poetry about socio-economic issues.
Sunday's newspapers include Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer's NHS plans and a girl, 7, shot in London.
Four months ago, Geraint John lost his 43-year-old wife and the mother of his three children to cancer.
In 1971 Edward Carpenter discovered plastic floating about in the Atlantic Ocean.
Ben Amanna, founder and CEO of Boxraw, which sells kit and clothing for boxing, shares his business advice.
As pilgrims mark Epiphany, Jordan plans an ambitious project to upgrade place of Jesus's baptism.
New devices from Meta and HTC cost more than £1,000, but all eyes are on rumoured Apple glasses.
Malik Afegbua's images of elderly models have blown up on Instagram, but they are not what they seem.
The Straw Bear Festival sees a person dressed in straw and Morris troupes dancing in the streets.
From droughts and wildfires to floods and landslides - why extreme weather may be the new norm.
After 14 Indian fishermen got stranded on a remote island, they found innovative ways to survive.
Ebrima Solo Sandeng, killed by Gambian agents nearly seven years ago, is finally honoured as a hero.
Manchester United show the lessons learned under Erik ten Hag with statement derby win over Manchester City.
Judd Trump beats Stuart Bingham 6-1 to set up a meeting with Mark Williams in the final of the Masters on Sunday.
Saturday was a chance for Everton to turn their season around but ultimately delivered arguably their lowest point in another dismal campaign.
Emma Raducanu's core team is taking shape as the British number one hopes to cement a long-term coaching partnership.
Match of the Day pundits Micah Richards and Ian Wright analyse Bruno Fernandes' controversial goal for Manchester United against Manchester City.
Brock Purdy continues his remarkable NFL start by leading the San Francisco 49ers to a 41-23 win in the opening game of this season's play-offs.
Advisers warn of pain to come as a poll for the BBC suggests many have no idea how they will repay festive spending.
Officers would be able to shut down protests before they cause serious disruption, under new plans.
At least 68 people died when a Yeti airlines flight crashed on its approach to the town of Pokhara.
Police chiefs say having officers in schools is essential, but campaigners want them all removed.
A man in his 60s, held on suspicion of terror offences over the incident, has been released on bail.
Thanks to a new machine bought by his school, Jacob has stood up and moved his legs for the first time.
A seven-year-old girl suffered life-threatening injuries in the shooting and five others were hurt.
Snow is expected across the country, with yellow weather warnings in place across all four nations.
People in Arbinda say two groups of women were taken while out gathering food because of severe shortages.
A woman is rescued from the debris of a building in Dnipro, a day after it was hit by a Russian missile strike.
The woman was hiking with two other people on Mont Blanc's Argentière Glacier, say French police.
Health Secretary Steve Barclay says voluntary arrangements could not ensure public's safety.
A boy who was thrown from a viewing platform has made "considerable progress", his family say.
With the price of alcohol going up, young people say they're saving money by going sober.
Humanity is set for its next big leap into space with nations and private companies racing to build outposts on other worlds
Two biotech firms have developed oils made from yeast as a replacement for palm.
Little did Alison Kinnaird know when she was rejected from art college it would be the best thing that ever happened to her.
Four months ago, Geraint John lost his wife - the mother of his three children - to cancer.
A student paramedic attended a home birth and a death within the first 24 hours of his placement.
One scientist on why we should all pay more attention to the hidden world beneath our feet.
UK-EU relations appear to be improving but big gaps remain in the Northern Ireland Protocol row.
Former England boss Eddie Jones has been appointed Australia head coach, replacing the sacked Dave Rennie.
Judd Trump claims his second Masters title with a dramatic 10-8 victory over Mark Williams at Alexandra Palace.
Arsenal's outstanding north London derby win over Tottenham leaves the Gunners in control of the Premier League title race.
Another bumper crowd at Emirates Stadium is welcome for Arsenal, but conceding a late equaliser and dropping points to title rivals Chelsea is much less so.
Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale is attacked by a supporter after the north London derby win against Tottenham.
Match of the Day 2 pundit Danny Murphy says he "doesn't think Tottenham Hotspur players are enjoying" the way the team is tactically set up following their 2-0 defeat by Arsenal.
Sir Mark Rowley apologises for failings in the case of PC David Carrick, who admitted 49 offences.
It will be the first time ministers in London have used powers to stop a Scottish bill from becoming law.
The NEU union announces seven strike days, but says each school will face only four days of disruption.
Tech bosses could face jail time for failing to protect children online, after a backbench rebellion.
The UK still needs to rebuild its economic reputation around the world, says Andrew Bailey.
The British-US influencer is in custody over human trafficking and rape allegations, which he denies.
Two days of action - on 6 and 7 February - are announced in England and Wales, in the biggest walkout yet.
Head of British Army gives backing to plan but raises concerns in internal message seen by the BBC.
The person was originally named as Irish, but was believed to travelling on a UK passport.
Matteo Messina Denaro, Italy's most-wanted Mafia boss, is captured after 30 years on the run.
Andrey Medvedev says he fled Wagner after witnessing war crimes while serving in Ukraine.
The TV presenter was criticised for comments he made about the Duchess in a newspaper column.
No date has been set for the release of the former prime minister's book, nor does it yet have a title.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
The rising cost of living can be stressful but there are steps you can take to help.
Teachers in England and Wales are going on strike as Scottish schools face continued action.
Carrick's guilty pleas leave the Metropolitan Police once more apologising for a criminal in its ranks.
A transatlantic spat over green subsidies is casting a shadow over this year's World Economic Forum.
How doctors are spotting problems early and offering treatments at home - BBC Panorama.
Erchana Murray-Bartlett has run a marathon a day for 150 days, covering 6,300km (3,900 miles).
Former islanders and their families talk about the big change to the ITV2 show's new welfare rule.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a seven-year-old girl was left seriously injured.
Twitter users say the social network has "a different vibe" since the billionaire took charge.
Little did Alison Kinnaird know when she was rejected from art college it would be the best thing that ever happened to her.
Beyond his leadership of the civil rights struggle, there are many surprising details about his legacy.
It has been described as "comfortably the best adaptation of a video game ever made" that has been able to "break the curse" on gaming-TV crossovers.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he will not leave the club unless he is forced to, and hints at changes at Anfield during the summer.
One runner was chased by monsters. Another went blind. In the darkness, nothing is as simple as it seems.
Premiership rugby club finances are "clearly unsustainable", a damning parliamentary report has concluded.
Andy Murray faces a tough start to his Australian Open campaign against Matteo Berrettini as Novak Djokovic makes his return on Tuesday.
England striker Alessia Russo says it is "huge" for women's football that her goal is among those to be nominated for the Fifa Puskas award.
England head coach Steve Borthwick says it is important to recognise how special Owen Farrell is after naming him as captain for the Six Nations.
Scotland's first minister says the courts will be asked to rule on whether the UK government can block the reforms.
The climate activist was briefly held with a group which opposes the expansion of a coal mine.
The home secretary urges forces to root out corrupt officers after serial rapist David Carrick's case.
The O2 Brixton Academy may not have employed enough security guards, a document seen by the BBC suggests.
The bishops will recommend that "prayers for God's blessing" for gay couples be adopted, the BBC expects.
A new border control system, which was pushed back to May, has been delayed to the end of the year.
Liverpool claim their first win since the turn of the year as Harvey Elliott's stunning strike fires the Reds past Wolves in their FA Cup third-round replay.
High Street stationery chain confirms it is hunting for buyer but talking to insolvency experts.
The ex-chancellor is under pressure over reports he will pay millions to settle a dispute with HMRC.
Amber and yellow weather warnings for snow and ice are in place across the UK, as temperatures plummet.
Gary Lineker says he found a phone "taped to the back of the set" after hearing pornographic noises.
The much-publicised memoir Spare sells almost 500,000 copies in its first week.
Marc Wilkinson thinks the month-long giveaway will cost him three times more than originally estimated.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen slightly, but inflation remains near a 40-year high.
What you need to know about the nurses' strike and other industrial action, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
A plan to make it easier to get a gender recognition certificate has led to a constitutional row.
Italian police arrested Matteo Messina Denaro as he walked from a clinic to a cafe.
Andrey Medvedev's escape makes him the first Wagner Group mercenary to defect to the West.
The global tour will celebrate the 40th anniversary of her breakthrough single, Holiday, in 1983.
The Prince of Wales unveils his winning dish in the kitchen and rates Catherine's culinary skills too.
Six to 14 year-olds were asked in a survey for words they felt had been important during the year.
A look back at some of the unexpected funny moments in the history of the BBC's morning news programme.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
The Union has a clash on its hands, writes James Cook, BBC News's Scotland editor.
Cloud computing is a popular way for firms to buy computing but, when it fails, chaos ensues.
Small businesses tell the BBC they are facing delays and losing money as overseas post is stopped.
The controversial influencer has been detained in Romania as part of a human trafficking and rape investigation.
Ukrainians on the front lines call for hundreds of modern tanks, as the West debates new deliveries.
Tuesday's papers largely focus on David Carrick, the police officer who has admitted to being a serial rapist.
Britain's Emma Raducanu and Coco Gauff meet for the first time in an eagerly anticipated second-round match on day three at the Australian Open.
British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe's firm Ineos officially enters the race to buy Manchester United.
Liverpool claim their first win since the turn of the year as Harvey Elliott's stunning strike proves enough to beat Wolves 1-0 in their FA Cup third-round replay.
England receive a Six Nations boost as Henry Slade's red card is overturned by a disciplinary panel.
How does Andy Murray keep managing to leave us all stunned? The 35-year-old with a metal hip says he is proud of his Australian Open victory over Matteo Berrettini.
Birmingham City come from behind to beat Forest Green and earn an FA Cup fourth-round trip to Blackburn.
Ukraine's interior minister is among the 14 killed in the helicopter crash beside a nursery.
"I no longer have enough in the tank" - an emotional Jacinda Ardern says she will quit next month as New Zealand PM
Town centres and new rail projects are also set to benefit from the government's levelling up fund.
Planned reforms by President Macron would raise the retirement age to 64 - a hugely unpopular move.
The one-day national strike action in France will also affect Eurostar rail services.
The baby's mother, Constance Marten, is from a wealthy family but is now estranged from them, say police.
It would have cost less to settle earlier but reforms remained necessary, rail minister tells MPs.
Labour uses Davos appearance to promise a boost for foreign investment and green industries.
The Met Police chief inspector, who was found dead at home, had been arrested for various offences.
Police say a further 32 officers have been suspended on suspicion of sexual misconduct.
"We are not extras for Greta Thunberg" police say, after false claims her detainment at a protest was set up.
The mayor of Amiens believes the singer owns the artwork, Diana and Endymion, which once hung in its museum.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Cold Weather Payments are available to some when there is a run of sub-zero temperatures.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
A charity says the knock-on effect will be felt in coming months as people cannot pay their bills.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen slightly, but inflation remains near a 40-year high.
What you need to know about the nurses' strike and other industrial action, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
Iran's courts are convicting protesters after fast-track trials that activists say are grossly unfair.
Relatives say authorities are responding to the disaster in a cold and indifferent way.
Fact-checking claims by Education Secretary Gillian Keegan and teachers' union boss Mary Bousted.
Hannah and Claire’s young sons both died suddenly and unexpectedly.
The BBC's Philip Sim explains the gender reform row - and what might come next.
A woman who had a stillborn baby says playing rugby saved her life.
Nigerian politicians are hiring social media influencers to spread disinformation ahead of February's elections.
Ilya Merenzon, CEO of World Chess, shares his business advice for our CEO Secrets series.
Crystal Palace's Michael Olise scores a stunning last-minute free-kick to deny Manchester United a victory.
Wilfried Gnonto scores twice - including one of the goals of this FA Cup season after 26 seconds - as Leeds hammer Cardiff in a replay to reach the fourth round.
Britain's Andy Murray aims to reach the Australian Open third round for the first time in six years when he plays Australia's Thanasi Kokkinakis on Thursday.
Watch highlights from Leeds' 5-2 victory over Cardiff in the FA Cup third round replay as 19-year-old Wilfried Gnonto stars in a classy performance scoring twice at Elland Road.
Watch every angle we could find of Wilfried Gnonto's fabulous volley against Cardiff which gave a rampant Leeds United the lead after just 26 seconds in the FA Cup third round replay at Elland Road.
Celtic continue their formidable domestic home form with an emphatic Scottish Premiership win against St Mirren.
Ten Chinese players face match-fixing charges as snooker's governing body investigates the sport's biggest corruption scandal.
High-risk patient Beth Matthews, 26, was given "inadequate care" before her death, an inquest rules.
Two other women died at the same hospital as blogger Beth Matthews weeks before her death, the BBC finds.
Crosby, who co-founded both the Byrds and Crosby, Stills and Nash, had been ill for some time.
The prime minister has apologised for removing his seat belt while filming a clip for social media.
A crew member will also be charged with involuntary manslaughter over the death of Halyna Hutchins.
Andy Murray produces one of his best fightbacks from two sets down to beat Thanasi Kokkinakis in an epic Australian Open match finishing at 04:05 local time.
The streaming service is attracting new customers as co-founder Reed Hastings hands over the reins.
Julian Sands, 65, was last seen hiking in the San Gabriel mountains last week during bad weather.
The US and nine European nations promise more firepower ahead of a major donor conference on Friday.
David Sutherland also illustrated Dennis the Menace cartoons during a long career at the comic.
Train companies have increased their offer to RMT rail workers in an attempt to prevent more strikes.
Andy Street calls for an end to "begging bowl culture" as £2.1bn is allocated to local projects.
It comes after charity Citizens Advice sees a sharp increase in people needing crisis support.
We report this percentage every month but here are three things you may not know.
Andrew Harding goes under fire on the front line in eastern Ukraine after recent Russian gains.
Khadeejah Khan talks about being the one who tells candidates when it's time to learn their fate.
The BBC’s Analysis editor takes a look at the government’s plan to scrap thousands of EU-era laws.
The Finnish embassy in London allows diplomats to relax while they wrestle with international issues.
Experts believe the preserved 15th Century vessel is as historically significant as the Mary Rose.
Teachers in England and Wales are going on strike as Scottish schools face continued action.
Croatia switched to the euro on 1 January, but many feel businesses are taking advantage by hiking their prices.
Communication tools like WhatsApp have been restricted in the country amid an ongoing crisis.
Flu, staff shortages and Covid backlogs are putting the NHS under severe strain, find out what's happening in your area.
Manchester City's night of mood swings ended with a remarkable outpouring from manager Pep Guardiola, writes Phil McNulty.
Andy Murray says finishing his second-round match at the Australian Open was a "farce", should tennis now put an end to the crazy finishing times?
Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice in his first game in Saudi Arabia and Lionel Messi is also on the scoresheet as PSG edge a Riyadh All-Stars XI.
English defender Anton Walkes, who played for MLS club Charlotte, dies aged 25.
Watch the best plays as the Chicago Bulls score a convincing 126-108 win against the Detroit Pistons in the NBA Paris Game.
An all-star crowd at the Accor Arena in Paris sees the Chicago Bulls beat the Detroit Pistons 126-108 on Thursday night.
High Court papers show Cardiff City sought £20m coverage for the striker the day after he died.
NHS England's chief executive says extended industrial action is "clearly having an impact".
The Stagecoach co-founder, her husband and two members of her family strongly deny the allegations.
The PM says he will pay a £100 fine for breaking the law while he filmed a video in a moving car.
Patients are at risk as hundreds of thousands of helpline calls go unanswered, BBC research finds.
According to a new court filing, the 38-year-old bought a one-way ticket to Mexico last January.
The Tory Party chair is facing fresh questions about claims he tried to avoid paying millions in tax.
The education and police minister will replace Jacinda Ardern following her decision to quit.
The girl's family argued she would not have lost her limbs if she had been treated urgently.
Berlin denies it is preventing countries from donating Leopard 2s, but Poland criticises its "hesitation".
Juventus are docked 15 points in Serie A following an investigation into the club's transfer dealings.
Every month for 10 years, Hody Childress quietly gave $100 to a pharmacy to help people in need.
Michelin star chefs routinely face mental and physical abuse at work, a new study suggests.
Customers on Economy 7 tariffs see bills rise 7.6% despite the government fixing prices until April.
Saturday's front pages report the prime minister's fine after he was filmed being driven without a seatbelt.
It was only when she died that her family found how many people she helped with her writing.
When Andy Murray played Roberto Bautista Agut in 2019, many suggested it might be his last match, including the Briton himself - now the two face off in Melbourne again.
Romanian teens reveal how the Tate brothers used a set formula to approach them in private messages.
One man said his teeth were not strong enough to bite an apple after wearing aligners bought remotely.
The rare cloud formation creates an optical illusion that tricks viewers into thinking it looks like a UFO.
Relations between the health unions and the government have soured since talks last week.
Military equipment is being sent to support Ukraine, but President Zelensky says more is needed to stop Russia.
Our view of the stars has been reduced every year over the last decade by artificial light pollution.
As Shakira sets the internet on fire with her diss track, a look at making a song out of heartbreak.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Ordinary diesel trucks could be converted to a hydrogen-diesel mix, according to researchers in Australia.
Beijing can no longer rely on its demographic dividend to fuel growth. That may not be a bad thing.
The Bollywood superstar returns in James Bond-like spy-thriller Pathaan after a four-year hiatus.
Chris Eubank Jr says boxers "need to set the example" in the fight for an inclusive sport after controversy in Manchester.
Watch Pep Guardiola's passionate outburst after his side's 4-2 win against Tottenham, with the Manchester City manager saying that 'right now' his players are lacking fight.
BBC Sport takes a look at what we've learned in the Premier League's 2022-23 title race as the season reaches the halfway point.
At the start of the campaign Liverpool playing Chelsea at Anfield would have been expected to be a title tussle, but instead the two struggling sides are languishing in mid-table.
Ospreys score a late try to beat Premiership champions Leicester and qualify for the last 16 of the Heineken Champions Cup.
Fit-again summer signing Scott Twine curls in a late winner as Vincent Kompany's Burnley come from behind to beat West Bromwich Albion.
Mark Allen cruises to a 6-1 semi-final win over Noppon Saengkham at the World Grand Prix to set up a final against Shaun Murphy or Judd Trump.
Labour calls on the ex-chancellor to answer questions after he addresses "confusion" about his taxes.
The event to be broadcast live on the BBC is among the celebrations to mark the coronation in May.
Reports say chairman of the BBC helped arrange deal weeks before then-PM recommended him for role.
The search at the US president's Delaware home follows the earlier seizure of classified documents kept by him.
Hundreds of visitors are stranded at the popular Incan citadel as violent protests rock the country.
Nicola Sturgeon argues for debate on rights for teenagers, as she defends gender recognition plans.
Unite has written a letter to the Business Secretary Grant Shapps seeking more government support.
Darcey Corria suffered a broken pelvis and bones in her neck, say Miss Wales competition organisers.
Zelensky adviser tells West to "think faster" as pressure grows on countries to send tanks to Ukraine.
The former US astronaut, who was the second man on the moon, married his partner in Los Angeles.
Fireworks and lanterns in the street start the 2023 celebrations for one of the world's biggest festivals.
Liam Smith stops Chris Eubank Jr in four rounds to win their middleweight fight in Manchester.
As one of the areas hardest hit, people in Blackburn are helping each other through.
One worker found social care "very rewarding" and would return if he could get truck driver wages.
Sunday's front pages reveal details of King Charles's coronation and report the Tory chairman is battling to save his career.
Adam Kalinin has been camping in the Russian wilderness since September to avoid fighting in Ukraine.
Chris Eubank Jr says boxers "need to set the example" in the fight for an inclusive sport after controversy in Manchester.
The Labour party's popularity has slumped, but Jacinda Ardern is still a hard act to follow.
The so-called lost decade has now stretched to three. What went wrong, asks Rupert Wingfield-Hayes.
The PM being fined again may be a moment the public notices and remembers, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
The death of senior officials in a crash near Kyiv is a reminder of the dangers of helicopter travel.
The unemployment rate is close to its lowest point since the 1970s, but millions aren't working.
"Ignoring it won't make it go away," say the band, whose lyrics tackle sex, cocaine and depression.
The Telugu-language film has found unexpected success with US critics, the public and Hollywood stars.
Oulu in northern Finland has snow on the ground for five months - but that doesn’t stop residents using their bikes.
"You cannot ever forget - on Christmas Day, your birthday, at 4am, you have to be on the ball."
Everton manager Frank Lampard says he "absolutely" does not fear being sacked after his side were beaten by West Ham in the Premier League.
Match of the Day pundits Jermaine Jenas and Danny Murphy analyse Everton's "defensive" performance in their 2-0 Premier League defeat at West Ham.
In her latest BBC Sport column, American seventh seed Coco Gauff talks about her TikTok moves and how her dad became a viral sensation.
Iga Swiatek and Elena Rybakina go head-to-head in the battle of the 2022 Grand Slam champions as the Australian Open fourth round begins on Sunday.
West Ham boss David Moyes says his side's crucial victory against Everton was "a relief" for the club, but does not believe the board want to get rid of him.
England lose their Quad Series opener as Australia come from behind to seal a 61-55 victory in Cape Town.
The Conservative Party chairman is under pressure over his taxes, after saying he made a "careless error".
Some households who cut peak-time electricity use on Monday will get discounts on their bills.
The regulator says it is concerned about the growth in households being switched to prepayment meters.
Women say they considered suicide because of a "toxic culture" of sexism at the Welsh Rugby Union.
On their behalf, Priscilla Presley read the tribute at a memorial service for her daughter Lisa Marie Presley.
What you need to know about the ambulance workers' strike, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
The BBC chairman helped him secure a loan guarantee weeks before the then-PM recommended him for the role, a paper says.
Ukrainian civilians are returning to Lyman, close to the front line, despite the threat of strikes.
The Catholic Safeguarding Standards Agency review is being supported by the Archbishop of Liverpool.
Chris Hipkins vows to protect his family from the treatment his predecessor, Jacinda Ardern, received.
The UK's two biggest steelmakers are expected to get support to move away from old-fashioned coal.
The former prime minister says it is a "privilege" to visit the country once more.
Monday's front pages round up the weekend's top political stories involving Boris Johnson and Nadhim Zahawi.
Adam Kalinin has been camping in the Russian wilderness since September to avoid fighting in Ukraine.
The meteorite crashed in England in 2021, containing water that was a near-perfect match for that on Earth.
Why have the number of unpaid carers dropped, according to the 2021 census?
Restaurants in New Orleans are recycling their oyster shells in an effort to protect the Louisiana coastline.
Match of the Day 2's Mark Chapman and Martin Keown analyse Arsenal's 'outstanding' 3-2 Premier League victory over Manchester United.
Novak Djokovic continues his bid for a record-extending 10th Australian Open title against home favourite Alex de Minaur on day eight.
MOTD2 pundit Martin Keown senses the same belief and desire at Arsenal as when he won Premier League titles with the club.
Managers, players and pundits criticise the decision to kick off the game between Chelsea and Liverpool, which was quickly abandoned due to a frozen pitch.
Some records have already been broken, others beckon. In the aftermath of his latest goalscoring feat, BBC Sport celebrates the phenomenon that is Erling Haaland.
Rishi Sunak says there are "questions that need answering" over the Conservative party chairman's tax affairs.
The Conservative Party chairman is under pressure to fully explain the circumstances of a tax settlement.
There are fears that 2023 could see a wave of company failures as the cost of living crisis continues.
The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service says five firefighters were treated in hospital after tackling the blaze in Edinburgh.
The Turkish president's warning comes after protests in Sweden, including a Quran burning.
Small businesses are still unable to send new parcels overseas two weeks after the Royal Mail cyber-attack.
Discounts for households who cut peak-time use will be offered again on Tuesday.
The inquiry will examine if the process complied with government rules on public roles.
Amazon Labor Union leader Chris Smalls says it's time for the firm "to come to the table and negotiate".
The British actor went missing on 13 January during a mountain hike near Los Angeles.
Great Britain's Ellie Downie has announced her retirement from gymnastics at the age of 23.
The alleged rent arrears relate to office space at Twitter's UK headquarters in central London.
A scheme to reward people for cutting back on electricity use is being introduced.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
Several of Tuesday's papers look at the investigation into Tory chairman Nadhim Zahawi's tax affairs.
Young tenants discuss their struggle to find a place while facing discrimination along the way.
Bulldogs, including the new American Bully breed, are being bred with hugely exaggerated characteristics.
Erin Reid says her product is aimed at hikers, kayakers, military personnel and festival goers.
Men must defend the rights of Afghan women and girls, a professor at a Kabul university says.
Russia has passed a new law banning so-called "propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations".
Ukrainian civilians are returning to Lyman, close to the front line, despite the threat of strikes.
Seaweed, including that from unwanted outbreaks, is increasingly being turned into useful products.
The actor, known for The Mummy films, plays a morbidly obese recluse in Darren Aronofky's The Whale.
What you need to know about the ambulance workers' strike, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane says a team meeting helped them get back on track with a narrow win at Fulham.
Jordan Kirkpatrick's first-half goal gives sixth-tier Darvel a historic victory over seven-time winners Aberdeen.
Harry Kane equals Jimmy Greaves' record as Tottenham's all-time top scorer with his 266th goal for the club.
Can anyone stop Novak Djokovic winning a record-extending 10th Australian Open title? BBC Sport takes a look at his competition.
Watch Harry Kane's best Premier League goals for Tottenham as he draws level with Jimmy Greaves as the club's all-time top scorer.
Harrison Kingston was part of Liverpool's Champions League and Premier League success. In 2020, he swapped it all to work with Morocco.
Chris Parry and Andrew Bagshaw were killed in Soledar, eastern Ukraine, family members say.
Germany has been under pressure over its reluctance to send the battle tanks to Ukraine.
The PM's ethics adviser is examining if the Conservative Party chairman broke the ministers' rule book.
Former staff and leaked papers reveal shocking abuse claims at three South Yorkshire children's homes.
The files were passed to the FBI following their discovery by the former US vice-president's lawyer.
Parents are buying toys of £30 to £50 but saving money by resisting unplanned, small purchases.
Gwendoline Cazenave said post-Brexit border checks were causing problems for the train company.
As the online giant faces its first UK strike, staff in Coventry tell the BBC why they are walking out.
Birmingham City Council acts after police cite "terrifying risks" at the venue where Cody Fisher died.
Kwasi Kwarteng's rejection of electricity link from Portsmouth to France is overturned in High Court.
Isla Bryson carried out the rapes in Clydebank and Glasgow in 2016 and 2019 while known as a man.
Wales is set to become the first UK nation to introduce a mandatory national licensing scheme.
The pop star joins a growing group of artists who have cashed out on their catalogues.
A scheme to reward people for cutting back on electricity use is running for a second day.
Many of Wednesday's papers look at calls for Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to cut taxes and Germany's decision to send Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine.
In rural Shanxi province, the BBC found evidence of a considerable death toll from the virus.
The tradition which began during World War One has been passed from father to son.
Figures reveal 30% of women in England are not up to date with cervical screening.
Andrea Riseborough's nomination for a low-budget drama is one of several to surprise awards pundits.
Sources who know the former PM say he would have used the money to fund his lifestyle.
Nick Pope's £10m transfer fee is looking like a snip after he kept his 10th clean sheet in a row to put Newcastle one step closer to the EFL Cup final, writes BBC Sport's Phil McNulty.
Australian Open semi-finalist Victoria Azarenka says she feels sympathy for Novak Djokovic and pleaded for players not to be treated as "villains".
Chelsea and Newcastle are keen on signing Everton forward Anthony Gordon before next Tuesday's transfer deadline.
The "door is open" for Ben Stokes to come out of 50-over retirement and play at the World Cup in India later this year, says England coach Matthew Mott.
Rugby Football Union council members, who voted to lower the tackle height, will now seek guidance from their clubs over the controversial law change.
Formula 1's owners Liberty Media accuse the head of motorsport's governing body of making "unacceptable" remarks about the championship's value.
Charlie Willett suffered a serious knee injury playing rugby league for Ireland, but says she found out after she did not have full medical cover.
Michelle Yeoh's Everything Everywhere All At Once is the frontrunner in the Hollywood awards.
How the star of The Mummy and George of the Jungle returned from a decade in "the wilderness".
Find out which films, actors and directors are vying for a golden statuette.
Filmmaker Guillermo del Toro has just received an Oscar nomination for his animated film Pinocchio.
Ukraine hails the announcements as a turning point, while Russia says they are a provocation.
The BBC's Analysis Editor examines the background to Germany’s decision to send Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine.
Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer says the PM should have sacked Nadhim Zahawi, at Prime Minister's Questions.
The social media firm Meta said the former US president's suspension will end "in the coming weeks".
The American Bullies Kennel Club event is cancelled after undercover filming found welfare issues.
Houston, Texas was battered by a powerful storm on Tuesday as severe weather hit the Gulf Coast.
Lucy Letby is alleged to have tried to kill a premature baby three times before murdering her.
Police arrest a 61-year-old man over what the MP's spokesman says was an "unpleasant encounter".
Relatives of those who died when two Boeing 737 Max aircraft crashed are trying to reopen a prosecution.
Yevgeny Prigozhin, the boss of Russia's Wagner group, used an exemption to get around UK sanctions.
Teacher Abigail Zwerner was left with serious injuries after being shot in her classroom.
Chinonye Chukwu, who wrote and directed Till, says there's "unabashed misogyny towards Black women".
Julian Sands went missing while hiking in California on 13 January.
DeadHappy says it used the serial killer to "make people think" but it was sorry for any offence.
Sharon Hearn says she can only afford to heat her home for two hours a day.
Several of Thursday's papers lead with the West's commitment to send tanks to Ukraine.
A push to shift controversial Australia Day is gaining momentum - and increasingly in workplaces.
Downing Street's confidence in Nadhim Zahawi is draining away, says BBC Political Editor Chris Mason.
A transgender woman is facing a prison term for rape - but where should she serve her sentence?
The BBC finds evidence of a mounting death toll from the virus that's ripped through villages.
Lady Carolina Nairne wrote a poignant folk song commonly attributed to the great Scottish bard.
With book prices doubling, Egyptian authors are also being more economical in their writing.
Manchester United take a huge step towards the Carabao Cup final with a comfortable victory at Nottingham Forest in their semi-final first leg.
Rory McIlroy says Patrick Reed is not "living in reality" after the American tried to chat in Dubai despite his lawyers serving him a court summons on Christmas Eve.
The new transgender rules proposed by World Athletics "would leave women at a serious disadvantage" says British shot putter Amelia Strickler.
Rory McIlroy says Patrick Reed is not "living in reality" after the American tried to chat with him in Dubai despite his lawyers serving the world number one a court summons on Christmas Eve.
Aryna Sabalenka wants to play fellow Belarusian Victoria Azarenka in the Australian Open final, but Magda Linette and Elena Rybakina stand in their way.
Former Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg resigns from his position as president of the Egyptian Referees Committee after only five months in charge.
Russian and Belarusian athletes could be free to compete as neutrals at the 2024 Olympics after a statement from International Olympic Committee.
It will be scrutinised by businesses who claim the government has no long-term plan for the economy.
Isla Bryson had been remanded to a female prison after being convicted of raping two women before she changed gender.
Tory Party chairman Nadhim Zahawi is facing calls to resign, after it emerged he paid a penalty to HMRC.
The mummy was found inside a sarcophagus that has remained unopened for 4,300 years.
The 29-year-old's family lawyers say he was beaten non-stop by Memphis police like "a human piñata".
About the size of a bus, the space rock whipped over the southern tip of South America.
The former health secretary says he donated £10,000 of the fee to two charities.
Eleven people have been killed and 11 others injured after strikes hit buildings in several regions.
Gareth Southgate talks to BBC sports editor Dan Roan about his decision to remain England manager, the team's performance in Qatar and why he has no regrets.
What's behind the raid on the West Bank city, which led to nine Palestinian deaths on Thursday?
The 20-year-old man has been held on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and assisting an offender.
A life insurance firm said it wanted to "make people think" by using the serial killer's image.
The singer-songwriter, 78, says problems in the NHS have left the UK in the worst state he has seen.
Up to £200 was offered by some banks to switching customers - prompting the most moves since 2013.
Many of Friday's papers cover HMRC's investigation into Nadhim Zahawi's tax affairs and Sir Rod Stewart comments about the Tory party.
Flu, staff shortages and Covid backlogs are putting the NHS under severe strain, find out what's happening in your area.
It's hoped a ruling to define what a property landlord is will help tenants in some of England's worst homes.
Viral videos of minerals with apparent electrical properties are not what they seem.
Photographer Harry George Hall captures skaters during a rare moment when conditions are just right.
As talks resume on its future, the British overseas territory fears for its sovereignty and border.
Concerts can be life-affirming. Buying tickets is the opposite. Here are eight possible solutions.
A growing number of people are choosing to hire a bicycle over a long period of time.
Teachers are striking over pay in the biggest unions in England, Scotland and Wales.
The future of the planet and the global economy are entwined in a potentially risky geopolitical game.
Politicians and journalists are being targeted with espionage attacks, the UK government is warning.
Marcelo Bielsa arrives in London for further talks with the Everton hierarchy as they search for a successor to Frank Lampard.
Novak Djokovic feels he has "something extra" at this year's Australian Open as he prepares to do battle for a place in the Melbourne final.
Jofra Archer's return headlines an otherwise low-key one-day series in South Africa that begins a crucial year for the England men's team.
New Ferrari team principal Frederic Vasseur says it is "obvious" that his target is to win the title this year.
Reanne Evans beats former world champion Stuart Bingham 60-8 to become the first woman to win a match in the one-frame Snooker Shoot Out in Leicester.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola looks back on his time working with Mikel Arteta, and recalls how his then-assistant coach would never celebrate goals against "his club" Arsenal.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on Krept from Krept & Konan to make predictions for this weekend's FA Cup ties
Expletive-filled footage shows Memphis Police drag him from his car, in the minutes before fatal beating.
The victims are shot dead in a suspected militant attack at a synagogue in East Jerusalem.
The BBC understands some workers pulled out after they were told they would be identified to Dominic Raab.
Six members of a county lines gang are jailed for trafficking a teenage drug runner.
Barry Martin was injured in a fire at the former department store in Edinburgh on Monday.
Laura Winham had refused contact with her family, who she thought were trying to harm her.
Russell Causley murdered Carole Packman in 1985 and has never revealed the whereabouts of her body.
The 21-year-old serviceman is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Saturday.
The man had been working on the pop-up toilet, which is stored beneath the ground during the day.
A US court authorised the release of video from the October 2022 assault on Nancy Pelosi's husband.
Pep Guardiola calls Nathan Ake an "exceptional guy" after he sends Manchester City into the FA Cup fifth round with the winner against Arsenal.
Without help a third of swimming pools could close, the head of swimming's governing body warns.
Prices of supermarket staples are rising at the fastest rate in decades, hitting "free from" shoppers hard.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt's plans to boost the economy and energy firms' bumper profits lead the papers.
The apocalyptic plot of hit TV series The Last of Us has coincided with a real-life threat from fungi.
Lawyers for the 29-year-old's family say the bodycam footage shows Mr Nichols being severely beaten.
A selection of powerful news photographs taken around the world this week.
Fans of the artist have been speculating for months about which album could be re-recorded next.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Holocaust survivors and international leaders honour the six million Jewish people murdered by the Nazis.
Disability rights activists are disrupting rush hour in Seoul's subway stations to demand better access.
Pictures from the annual event's practice day at Feshiebridge.
The News at Ten presenter on his own depression and TV news.
The government in Kyiv is trying to tackle corruption head-on, but it’s a risky strategy.
Eating disorder therapy rooms are being set up in memory of Chelsea Mooney and Nikki Grahame.
Following a BBC investigation, a blue plaque is to be unveiled celebrating the house's history.
Sir Ed Davey has a plan to avoid another Lib Dem general election flop but it will be a challenge.
The head of the business lobby group claims the world of work has "gone crazy" since the pandemic.
Banks are being caught off guard by the growing threat of mobile phone fraud, says charity the Fraud Advisory Panel.
England fall to a 27-run defeat in the first one-day international against South Africa despite Jason Roy's belligerent century.
Dina Asher-Smith sets a new British record as she wins the women's 60m at the World Indoor Tour in Germany.
Manchester City win the FA Cup battle with Premier League title rivals Arsenal as Nathan Ake's goal gives them a narrow fourth-round victory at Etihad Stadium.
Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina meets fifth seed Aryna Sabalenka in the Australian Open final at Melbourne Park on Saturday.
Newcastle United are close to signing Everton's Anthony Gordon after the clubs agreed a deal that could eventually be worth £45m.
Motorsport's governing body the FIA says sexist remarks attributed to its president "do not reflect his beliefs".
Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo confirms he wants to leave the club in an open letter on his Instagram.
The so-called Scorpion special unit will be disbanded after its officers were seen beating Mr Nichols.
The then-PM was warned off talking to incoming BBC chairman Richard Sharp, the Sunday Times reports.
The airline said it was ceasing trading and cancelling all flights, affecting 75,000 passengers.
The Princess of Wales launches a campaign calling for more attention on 'critical' early years.
His band rose to fame in the 1970s New York punk scene, scoring UK hits including Marquee Moon.
Two separate attacks have left at least seven dead and five seriously injured.
A 16-year-old boy is arrested on suspicion of murder following the stabbing in Northumberland.
The MP should have consulted Parliament's anti-corruption body before taking the job, a watchdog says.
It is understood that Tiffany Scott - previously Andrew Burns - has applied for a transfer.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Steve Phillips is set to leave his role.
Defeated former PM Andrej Babis conceded to retired Nato general Petr Pavel on Saturday afternoon.
Casemiro scores twice as Manchester United cruise past Reading to reach the fifth round of the FA Cup at Old Trafford.
Without help a third of swimming pools could close, the head of swimming's governing body warns.
Plans to treat more patients remotely and reports of racism faced by asylum seekers lead the papers.
As the prime minister reaches a key milestone, Laura Kuenssberg assesses his performance so far.
Rhys Connah started as a child actor in the show. He talks about how things have changed a decade on.
The footage shows a brutal beating but we still don't know why officers decided to stop his car.
Elon Musk was once hailed as the secret to Tesla's success. Now he's one of its problems.
German Leopard 2 tanks and US M1 Abrams tanks will spearhead attacks on Russia - but is it enough?
Teachers are striking over pay in the biggest unions in England, Scotland and Wales.
A simple summary of why the chairman of the Conservative Party is under pressure.
Artur Beterbiev retains his WBO, WBC and IBF light-heavyweight titles with eighth-round victory over Anthony Yarde in London.
Novak Djokovic says he does not feel any different "in terms of stress" as he faces Stefanos Tsitsipas in the Australian Open final.
Aberdeen part company with manager Jim Goodwin just minutes after Saturday's 6-0 defeat at Hibernian.
Watch highlights as two goals from Casemiro and one from Fred see Manchester United beat 10-man Reading in the FA Cup fourth round at Old Trafford.
Watch highlights as Son Heung-min scores two stunning goals and Arnaut Danjuma nets on his debut to help Tottenham beat Preston 3-0 at Deepdale.
Jurgen Klopp says he has not become a bad manager overnight amid Liverpool's inconsistent performances so far this season.
Twelve months ago, nothing went right for Aryna Sabalenka in Australia. A year on, she's a Grand Slam champion in Melbourne.
Nadhim Zahawi is sacked as Tory Party chairman after an inquiry finds he failed to disclose investigation into his tax affairs.
Boris Johnson says he had an "extraordinary" call with President Putin before the Ukraine invasion.
Olympics chiefs say Russian and Belarusian athletes could compete as neutrals, but Ukraine opposes the move.
A woman who was forced into prostitution by her husband says police ignored her repeated pleas.
The president said he would not support Sweden's bid until it extradited dozens of "terrorists".
Prices increased across Britain over the last year due to funding pressures, a survey suggests.
Ben Crump says Nichols' death at the hands of police should spur US lawmakers to stop further tragedies.
The charity founder and pioneering broadcaster says she feels "optimistic" about her treatment.
Airlines are inviting employees of the collapsed airline to fill vacancies for cabin crew and other roles.
The prison service will carry out an urgent review after trans rapist Isla Bryson was placed in a women's jail.
Holly Newton, 15, was stabbed in Hexham on Friday evening and later died in hospital.
The request for the jets comes just days after Germany committed to supplying Leopard 2 tanks.
As the search for the seal pup continues, rescuers came across another pup with an eye infection.
The dismissal of Nadhim Zahawi and a threat by Vladimir Putin to kill Boris Johnson lead the papers.
The verdict on Nadhim Zahawi's tax affairs is decisive and puts the PM's judgement under the spotlight, says the BBC's political editor.
How a Victorian bed built for monarchs to sleep in before coronations ended up in a Welsh wool mill.
Denys Sosnenko was was killed by an anti-tank mine while helping to recover the remains of soldiers.
After a four-year-old joins Mensa, we ask formerly gifted children about the expectations they faced.
Parents who are not married can now claim bereavement support payments if they lose a partner.
German Leopard 2 tanks and US M1 Abrams tanks will lead attacks on Russian forces - but is it enough?
Liverpool hoped a new year would bring a change in form - but their FA Cup exit at Brighton is another low in a largely miserable season.
John Egan's stoppage time goal rescues Sheffield United against non-league Wrexham in a frenetic FA Cup fourth-round tie.
England failed to defend 342 as Temba Bavuma's century in the second ODI helped South Africa clinch a 2-0 series victory.
The Philadelphia Eagles deny Brock Purdy a fairytale Super Bowl appearance after beating the San Francisco 49ers 31-7 in the Conference Championships.
Watch highlights as John Egan's stoppage-time goal rescues a draw for Championship Sheffield United against non-league Wrexham in a frenetic FA Cup fourth-round tie.
Watch as Brighton forward Kaoru Mitoma scores a brilliant 92nd-minute goal to send his side through to the FA Cup fifth round at the expense of holders Liverpool.
The Fire Brigades Union says it will not announce dates for 10 days so employers can table an improved offer.
Under the bill some employees would have to work during strikes - and could be sacked if they refuse.
The mosque is within a tightly guarded area of police and intelligence buildings in Peshawar.
The BBC has seen evidence of how officers pose as dates online to seek out and arrest their targets.
An observatory captured video of the spiral formation flying through the night sky in January.
The French star is suing a film company in the High Court after their plans fell apart.
William Shawcross will no longer lead a review of Richard Sharp's appointment owing to past contacts.
Talks between Education Secretary Gillian Keegan and union chiefs have proved "unproductive".
The Church of England ruled that Dr Stephen Sizer had "provoked and offended the Jewish community".
Former British and Irish Lions captain Gareth Thomas says he has agreed to pay £75,000.
An inquest into five people's deaths in Plymouth is told firearms licence training was "on the job".
A branch of the fast-food chain in Wrexham is also rationing wi-fi after youngsters cause "upset".
After a whirlwind bidding war over an original costume of the TV character, the seller is let down.
A survey suggests applicants are right when they say employers are less open to hiring older workers.
Teachers' strikes, GP waiting times and the cost of living crisis lead some of Tuesday's papers.
Wales High School in Rotherham will be closing to most pupils when teachers strike over pay on Wednesday.
It is three years since the UK left the EU and time to start looking at the evidence.
Boris Johnson says he had an "extraordinary" call with President Putin before the Ukraine invasion.
A woman forced to have sex with hundreds of men receives an apology after police failed to investigate.
Two start-up firms are making wearable technology that targets menstrual discomfort.
The Academy will review Andrea Riseborough's nomination amid discussions about her campaign.
After decades of calls for greater scrutiny, journalists are to be allowed to report on proceedings.
Analysis by BBC Panorama suggests between 5,000 and 10,000 NHS staff risk losing their pay.
Rishi Sunak resisted those urging him to sack Nadhim Zahawi sooner, writes Political Editor Chris Mason.
The Premier League transfer window closes on Tuesday night and there are some potential deals which could further extend the record amount already spent.
A 'broken' club that doesn't know 'how to win' - BBC Sport looks at the key challenges facing new Everton manager Sean Dyche.
Eilish McColgan, one of Britain's leading long-distance runners, says "a lot more work needs to be done" around the possible advantages of transgender women competing in elite female athletics.
Mo Farah will say an "emotional" London Marathon "goodbye" to his home support after confirming his participation in this year's race.
The top two sides in the world and two late coaching changes - a look at each team in the 2023 Six Nations.
Arsenal make a late world-record bid for England international Alessia Russo on the eve of transfer window deadline day.
Watch highlights as goals from Jarrod Bowen and Michail Antonio give West Ham a 2-0 victory over Derby to set up an FA Cup fifth round tie away at Manchester United.
The girl was attacked in the back garden of a property and died at the scene, police say.
Prosecutors accuse the actor of many "extremely reckless acts" as he is charged with an on-set death.
Teachers in the National Education Union - and support staff in Wales - will strike over pay on Wednesday.
Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab is under investigation after being accused of bullying.
The price energy suppliers pay for electricity is linked to the price of gas-fired generation.
Police investigate claims that firefighters took photos of women who had died in car accidents.
The cosmic ball of ice and dust is about to make its closest approach to our planet.
One espresso contained six times the caffeine found in one from another chain, research shows.
The campaign for the British actress sparked a Hollywood debate after her surprise nomination.
Proposals are being set out as scandals and tumbling values raise questions about the industry's future.
Chelsea agree a British record 120m euro (£106m) deal with Benfica for Argentina midfielder Enzo Fernandez.
The pair, both in their early 20s, were reportedly convicted for promoting corruption and propaganda.
The man, aged about 70, was seen in the River Wyre area around the time Nicola Bulley disappeared.
The British Museum has announced thousands of treasure discoveries by metal detectorists.
The coordinated industrial action by teachers, rail workers and civil servants leads many of Wednesday's papers.
With school teachers, trains drivers and civil servants all striking, what do you need to know?
Relatives of prisoners are given no advance warning of executions, and left with no bodies to bury.
Some say I'm Not Here to Make Friends is oversexualised but fans have called out double standards.
Tougher rules for some workers planning strike action have been announced by the government.
"Significant disruption" could be created by mass strike action, the government says.
People are travelling to Gloucestershire to see the stunning displays.
Around 160 million people from across the globe will watch the world's biggest song contest live from Liverpool on 13 May.
An increase in beached whales across the US coastline has baffled researchers and environmentalists.
Teachers in the biggest unions in England, Scotland and Wales are striking over pay.
BBC Sport analyses whether Premier League leaders Arsenal have done enough in the January transfer window to win a first domestic title in 19 years.
Newcastle United reach their first cup final since 1999 by beating Southampton in the EFL Cup semi-finals.
Manchester United say Alessia Russo is "not for sale" at any price after Arsenal make a second world-record bid for the striker.
Speaking on The Football News Show, Michael Brown and Leon Osman discuss how the eight signings Chelsea have made in the January transfer window may put pressure on Graham Potter.
Manchester United complete the loan signing of Austrian midfielder Marcel Sabitzer from Bayern Munich.
Check out all the confirmed signings from the January transfer window.
More than half of schools restricted access or closed in England, government estimates suggest.
Thousands are in Memphis to mourn the 29-year-old father who was fatally beaten by police.
Ukraine's defence minister says Russia has amassed some 500,000 men for an attack in the coming weeks.
A four-year-old girl, named locally as Alice Stones, was killed by a family pet, police say.
It follows a report that agents broke into the homes of vulnerable people to install the equipment.
Rishi Sunak's aides refuse to say whether he was informally warned about bullying claims against his deputy.
Kim Johnson was ordered by Labour Party bosses to retract her description of Israel's government.
The FBI removed "materials and handwritten notes" reportedly from Mr Biden's time as vice president.
A Viking leader probably chose his favourite animals to board a longboat to England, scientists say.
The former UN ambassador will reportedly announce a presidential run at an event on 15 February.
Manchester United ease past Nottingham Forest in the Carabao Cup semi-final to book a 1999 Wembley rematch with Newcastle.
This is said to be the second largest Mass Pope Francis has held, after one in the Philippines in 2015.
The tightening of regulations may lead to criminal records for those flouting them, a new policy says.
Artist Elizabeth Earle, from Warwickshire, bought her first narrowboat using her overdraft.
No one story leads Thursday's papers, with teachers' strikes and Partygate making some front pages.
The world's most popular YouTuber has responded to criticism over him funding life-changing operations.
Gareth Thomas's former partner says the settlement has brought closure following his HIV diagnosis.
Australian experts joined forces and methodically tracked down the hazardous pea-sized device.
The star, whose debut album was held in limbo for years, explains how she escaped her darkest days.
Athlete Innes FitzGerald turned down flying to compete in Australia due to the climate emergency.
Chelsea, Arsenal, Everton, Liverpool, Bournemouth, Southampton, Newcastle - what does Phil McNulty make of Premier League clubs' transfer window deals?
Which? measured the caffeine in drinks at five big coffee chains and found "huge differences".
People in Great Yarmouth talk of their prospects as a report finds coastal areas often lose out.
While morale remains high, Ukrainian forces in the east fear the Russians are improving.
This year's fire festival has made history, with women and girls taking part in the procession for the first time.
The story of Enzo Fernandez's incredible rise from the Argentine league to World Cup glory and a £107m move to Chelsea.
The regime increasingly uses air strikes to crush resistance that emerged after the coup two years ago.
The man behind a new pro-Kremlin social media network tells the BBC he wants Africa to embrace Russia.
The US secretary of state says "concrete steps" are needed to reduce violence but does not elaborate.
"Significant disruption" could be created by mass strike action, the government says.
Two former England captains praise Jofra Archer as the bowler stars with six wickets against South Africa following injury struggles.
Celtic maintain their nine-point lead in the Scottish Premiership after easily beating Livingston.
Watch a young Tom Brady's early post-season and Super Bowl touchdown passes, as the three-time NFL MVP announces his retirement at the age of 45.
Rangers shatter Hearts' 10-match unbeaten run with a rampant Scottish Premiership victory at Tynecastle.
Co-hosts Australia and New Zealand ask Fifa to "urgently clarify" reports that Saudi Arabia's tourism authority is to be named as an official sponsor of the Women's World Cup.
Fifty years after the first men's world title, a group of women came together to demand their right to race through the mud and pain for a cyclocross rainbow jersey.
BBC Sport looks at how Tom Brady became the greatest quarterback in NFL history.
Teachers in the biggest unions in England, Scotland and Wales are striking over pay.
The strike over pay means some schools are having to close in cities such as Bristol.
Teachers across the East Midlands join colleagues from around England and Wales in walking out.
As a strike gets under way in England and Wales, teachers explain why they are taking action.
Schools in England and Wales could close as teacher strikes are announced.
British Gas has been heavily criticised for practices around installing prepayment meters.
Nicola Bulley's sister says "people don't just vanish into thin air" as efforts to find her continue.
The Microsoft co-founder also believes artificial intelligence will "dramatically" transform humanity.
Interest rates rise to 4% as the Bank says the slump will last just over a year rather than almost two.
The PM says he'll be "transparent" in a wide-ranging interview to mark his 100th day in office.
With train drivers in England on strike and teachers walking out in Scotland, what do you need to know?
Pentagon officials say they have decided against blowing the alleged spy craft out of the sky - for now.
Paul Mason was punched to the ground by a man who claimed the bank executive had stolen a phone.
The decline came as people cut back in the face of higher living costs, said Apple's boss.
The Manchester United footballer says he is "relieved" after charges were discontinued by prosecutors.
London's mayor challenged the consumer finance expert at a cost-of-living debate - as tempers rose.
The new 2,000-peso note comes after the country's annual inflation rate soared to 95% last year.
Edgardo Greco was wanted for the grisly murder of two brothers in Italy in 1991.
Anne Vivian-Smith is disabled and struggles to pay her bills - her story prompted a generous donation from one reader.
The latest economic forecast from the Bank of England and record profits by Shell lead many of Friday's papers.
Experts say there is a pattern of false allegations directed towards victims of police brutality.
The former senior lieutenant tells the BBC he witnessed the mistreatment of prisoners.
TikTok loves a code word, and its latest has caused a stir. But is it a good way to share?
A dispute breaks out over a football jersey claimed to have been worn by Jim Baxter in Scotland's 1967 victory over England.
Washington now has more access to Philippines military bases facing the South China Sea and Taiwan.
What do people make of the Welsh Rugby Union decision to ban choirs from singing Delilah at games?
Sean Crawford says the movie about a reclusive teacher with severe obesity resonates with his life.
Further strikes are taking place in February, as unions demand action on pay and conditions.
Why is bird flu so bad this year and why are scientists so concerned?
Ministers say they expect Rishi Sunak's deputy to be the next senior figure to be shown the door.
The UK hasn't seen a single named storm so far this autumn and winter. But why?
People in Memphis said they did not need to watch the bodycam to know how police behave in their city.
Will Labour's pledge to end tax perks for the rich if they win power drive money away from the UK?
There is further discussion of windfall taxes after record profits from Shell.
The actress is "championing every woman of a certain age" by playing ex-Crossroads star Noele Gordon.
After a shooting at a dance studio in California, we visit a ballroom to meet the people still dancing.
Wing Ollie Hassell-Collins will make his England debut in Saturday's Six Nations opener against Scotland at Twickenham.
British number two Dan Evans says it does not matter if Great Britain have to win "ugly" in their tricky Davis Cup qualifier in Colombia.
Ian Roberts was the best-paid player in the brutal world of Australian rugby league - but it took years for him to make the biggest and bravest play of his life.
Former world welterweight champion Kell Brook says he is struggling with retirement and seeking help for mental health problems.
Watch as BBC Sport's Liam Loftus grills the captains of each Six Nations side on a series of burning issues including LeBron James' chances of making it in rugby union and what their superpower would be.
Gregor Townsend expects the British and Irish Lions left out of Scotland's side to face England to "get back to their best form" after their omissions.
Chris Sutton takes on DJ and Newcastle fan Schak to pick his winners and losers from this weekend's Premier League games.
Detectives say they are not treating the disappearance of mother-of-two Nicola Bulley as suspicious.
The Tesla boss is cleared of fraud charges over a tweet about taking the carmaker private.
The US secretary of state abruptly cancels a trip to Beijing over the "violation of our sovereignty".
People aged 16-49 in England have until 12 February to take up the offer of a free vaccine booster.
Jake Berry argues MPs and ministers should be treated like "anyone else".
The alleged victim claims Andrew Tate forced workers to raise €10,000 a month on social media platforms.
The fresh aid worth $2.2bn (£1.83bn) includes rockets capable of striking parts of occupied Crimea.
The stock index closes at a high as global inflation and interest rate fears ease.
New law will aim to cover expectant mothers from the moment they tell their boss they are pregnant.
It is believed the incident was caused by the wrong chemical being added to drinking water.
Robin Cantrill-Fenwick says courts are "rubber stamping" warrants that allow energy firms into homes.
The 30-year-old singer scores their third number one album, thanking fans for supporting them.
Public Image Ltd, which John Lydon formed after the Sex Pistols split, had hoped to go to the song contest.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
Homeowners tell the BBC they are being hit harder by rising mortgage rates than soaring fuel and food bills.
The Bank of England has increased interest rates to 4%, pushing the cost of some mortgages up further.
The royal Gloucestershire residence is open for locals to use as a warm space until the middle of March.
Aqibur says getting a stable job felt like a weight off his shoulders after years of uncertainty.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
A string of controversies has turned the spotlight on one of the most powerful figures in government.
An inquiry into the "worst treatment disaster in NHS history" hears its final evidence.
BBC security correspondent Gordon Corera explains what it's all about.
Profile of Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who faces a strong challenge to his leadership in May elections.
As the final series draws to a close, the BBC gets a glimpse of the real life house of the Cawood clan.
Alastair Campbell and Jacob Rees-Mogg made claims about UK trade and the impact of Brexit.
Zara Larsson says she did not realise she was wearing an item linked to a neo-Nazi metal band.
All you need to know as one of the most competitive Six Nations tournaments in recent years begins with a blockbuster day of action on Saturday.
British record signing Enzo Fernandez makes his Chelsea debut but cannot help his new side to victory as they are held by Fulham at Stamford Bridge.
Cameron Norrie ensures Great Britain end the opening day of their Davis Cup Finals qualifier level against Colombia by defeating Nicolas Barrientos in straight sets.
Former England cricketer Matthew Hoggard says the Yorkshire historical racism investigation and disciplinary process has failed everyone involved, including Azeem Rafiq.
Watch Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola and Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp give their opinions on Chelsea's transfer spending.
Warren Gatland kicks off his second stint in charge of Wales with a remit to turn their fortunes around just as he did back in 2008.
Christian Horner says sport "should never be used as a political tool" but it has to find a "sensible balance" regarding freedom of speech.
Police have traced a woman in a yellow coat who was walking on Garstang Road on 27 January.
The US is trying recover debris from the suspected spy balloon that fell in shallow waters off South Carolina.
Kyiv says Chris Parry and Andrew Bagshaw's remains were handed over as part of a prisoner swap.
The ex-PM's comments are the first detailed remarks she has made since she was forced out of No 10.
The head of the UK's biggest nursing union tells the PM "meaningful offers" could avert strike action.
Business Secretary Grant Shapps said energy firms need to refocus their efforts on customers who had prepayment meters forcibly installed
The 16-year-old girl was thought to have been swimming in the Swan River, Western Australia Police say.
Catherine urges others to share photos of early memories to encourage talk about vital childhood years.
A man is arrested on suspicion of explosive offences after "suspicious items" were found, police say.
Sir Ed Davey says a higher minimum wage for the sector would help prevent an "exodus" to better paid jobs.
Brighton waste company Lord of the Bins say they face the prospect of spending thousands to rebrand.
Video shows the vessel capsizing in rough Pacific seas as the man on board is rescued.
Paul Noakes, 76, says costs have forced him to retire and close his family business.
Smart meter in home displays can be a useful budgeting tool but for some they become a source of stress.
Britain's economy is expected to shrink in 2023, and grow only slowly in the following period.
The world was fascinated by a capsule in Australia - but hundreds of radioactive items go missing each year.
Comparisons have been made over how gendered violence is shown across different artforms.
From graffiti to guest books, five venues share the scribblings of rock and pop's biggest stars.
With little help from the military to bring the soldiers' bodies home, two mothers took charge themselves.
The Green Party is hoping council gains will pave the way for a second MP at Westminster.
"When the spirit is with you, you do not get tired," says one South Sudanese woman after walking 300km.
Domi & JD Beck have been signed for less than a year but are up for two of the prestigious awards.
A selection of powerful news photographs taken around the world this week.
When Yisrael Amir fled the isolated sect, he brought with him tales of control, abuse and rape.
Padayappa has long been a fan favourite in India's Kerala state. So why is he controversial now?
England start the Steve Borthwick era with an agonising home defeat but there are signs that better days will come.
A nightmare opening 12 minutes against Wolves sums up Liverpool's struggles as they are dealt another blow in a disappointing campaign.
Cameron Norrie confirms Great Britain's place in September's Davis Cup Finals group stage by beating Colombia's Nicolas Mejia in straight sets.
Watch Scotland winger Duhan van der Merwe score a "sensational" solo during their thrilling 29-23 Calcutta Cup victory against England in the Six Nations.
Watch highlights as Duhan van der Merwe's late try gives Scotland back-to-back wins at Twickenham for the first time with a stunning Six Nations victory against a spirited England.
Warren Gatland's return is spoiled by Ireland as the world's number one side humble Wales in the opening Six Nations match in Cardiff.
The head of a private school in Surrey has been found dead along with her husband and seven-year-old daughter.
Ambulance staff and nurses walk out on Monday with further strikes to follow this week.
Doorbell footage of Nicola Bulley outside her home on the day she disappeared is shared with the BBC.
A large Russian attack is likely to come from the east and south, Kyiv says, but it has the reserves to repel it.
The star is only the 18th person to win each of an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony Award.
What you need to know about strikes by nurses and ambulance workers by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
The kit is small enough to fit through a letterbox and arrives in plain packaging through the post.
The US is trying recover debris from the suspected spy balloon that fell in shallow waters off South Carolina.
Grant Shapps, who briefly served in Liz Truss's cabinet, said inflation must fall before taxes are cut.
Officials in western Austria warned winter sports enthusiasts of dangerous conditions in the area.
Pope Francis said laws which criminalise homosexuality were a sin and "an injustice".
Critics and fans praise the show's "sensational" ending, calling it a "heart-stopping triumph".
The poles are not known for being noisy but a project reveals their weird and wonderful sounds.
Pilots are being run around the UK to see if electric wallpaper could be an efficient way to heat homes.
How are rising interest rates changing the housing market around the UK?
Smart meter in home displays can be a useful budgeting tool but for some they're a source of stress.
Some NHS nurses, ambulance staff and physiotherapists are striking in a dispute over pay.
Jasvir Singh is a prominent Sikh voice in the UK. He is also gay, and sees no conflict between his sexuality and religion.
Pakistan's military ruler found himself on the front line between militant Islamists and the West.
Two artists from County Antrim are painting murals to raises awareness of mental health issues.
"Arrogant", "discreet" - Lucy Williamson visits the apartment block where the brothers first settled.
Wetlands are being lost at a faster rate than forests, but in some regions beavers are part of the solution.
A bout of food poisoning at a Madrid restaurant stirs debate about how to cook a Spanish tortilla.
Harry Kane becomes Tottenham's all-time record scorer, surpassing the great Jimmy Greaves, as his 267th goal for the club dents Manchester City's title ambitions at a raucous Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Ali Carter suggests that Whitney Houston inspired him to a first ranking title in seven years as he wins the German Masters.
Watch the highlights as defending champions France come from behind to avoid a shock defeat against Italy in a thrilling Six Nations game.
Match of the Day 2's Leon Osman and Nedum Onuoha discuss how Tottenham play to Harry Kane's strengths, and ask if he can break Alan Shearer's Premier League goalscoring record.
Harry Kane moves ahead of Jimmy Greaves to become Tottenham's all-time top goalscorer with his 267th goal for the club.
Gareth Bale finishes in joint-16th at the Pebble Beach Pro-Am after missing out on the final round because of strong winds in California.
Arsenal dropped points for the second successive Women's Super League match after being held to a goalless draw by West Ham United on Sunday evening.
Despite new transparency laws, the owners of 50,000 British premises remain hidden from public view.
Epsom College head Emma Pattison is described as a "warm, energetic, compassionate leader".
The Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Department will be reorganised, the BBC understands.
Former Met Police officer David Carrick is being sentenced for dozens of rape and sexual offences.
An official says the size of the object informed the decision not to shoot it down before Saturday.
Nicola Bulley's partner says their two girls "miss their mummy desperately" and "need her back".
The Treasury and Bank of England will formally start a consultation for the digital currency, on Tuesday.
The transport secretary will explain how tickets can be simpler for passengers in a speech on Tuesday.
Union bosses say they have called off the strikes later this month due to a legal challenge.
The government puts out its Coronation song choices, but takes down a Dizzee Rascal track.
The prospective staffer has asked the House ethics panel to look into a sexual misconduct claim.
Climate Wiseman told his congregation they would "drop dead" if they did not buy his kits.
The tech giant says its new Artificial Intelligence-powered chatbot will roll out in the coming weeks.
The sheer scale of devastation can be seen in social media posts - verified by the BBC.
Two earthquakes have killed more than 2,000 people in southern Turkey and northern Syria.
More than 1,000 people have been killed in Syria after a huge earthquake struck neighbouring Turkey.
Photos from Turkey and Syria show collapsed buildings and devastation across the region.
Search specialists with equipment and trained dogs will contribute to an international response.
Drone footage shows the earthquake aftermath and the search and rescue operation in Idlib, Syria.
Verified footage on social media from the moments the earthquake struck Turkey and Syria on Sunday morning.
A child is pulled from the rubble after a deadly earthquake shakes Syria and Turkey.
Footage showed widespread devastation at the 2,000-year-old Gaziantep Castle.
Rescue teams search for survivors after a devastating earthquake shakes Turkey and Syria.
A 7.8 magnitude earthquake rocks Turkey and Syria, killing scores of people.
A 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck south-eastern Turkey, demolishing buildings in Malatya and trapping people.
A magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck south-east Turkey, demolishing buildings and killing scores of people.
Homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
Smart meter in home displays can be a useful budgeting tool but for some they're a source of stress.
The rescue efforts after two earthquakes in Turkey left thousands dead leads the front pages.
The officer, who asked to remain anonymous, was raped by Carrick while the pair were working together.
What you need to know about strikes by nurses by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
Rishi Sunak has a minibus full of predecessors who could end up as backseat drivers - with Liz Truss the latest to lurch towards the wheel.
A British woman tells the BBC how the influencer persuaded her to work for his webcam business.
There are signs Russia is preparing a new offensive - James Waterhouse in Kyiv looks at the targets.
From bizarre speeches to Ben Affleck's lack of interest, here are the ceremony's highs and lows.
Bennylyn Burke and her daughter were taken from Bristol to Dundee by a calculating killer she met on a dating site.
Critics and fans praise the show's "sensational" ending, calling it a "heart-stopping triumph".
The novelist was stabbed at a talk in the US last year and says he's found it hard to write since.
All the looks from music's biggest stars at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles.
Frank Gardner visits the Helsinki centre where a joint EU-Nato team is focused on so-called hybrid threats.
Boris Johnson said his Brexit deal would mean lots of extra fish caught in the UK - has this happened?
Leeds United sack manager Jesse Marsch after less than a year in charge.
The Premier League charges Manchester City with more than 100 breaches of its financial rules following a four-year investigation.
Heavyweight Anthony Joshua will fight American Jermaine Franklin on 1 April at the O2 Arena in London.
Shaun Maloney's reign as Wigan Athletic manager begins with an attritional Championship stalemate at Blackburn Rovers.
BBC Sport picks five standout moments from a scintillating opening weekend of the Six Nations which saw Scotland beat England and Ireland defeat Wales.
England continue their preparations for the Women's T20 World Cup with a 17-run win in a high-scoring warm-up game against South Africa.
Police recover a firearm owned by George Pattison who officers believe killed his wife and daughter.
The suspected Chinese surveillance balloon was shot down over the Atlantic on Saturday.
Officers say they are "fully open" to new information and are following about 500 lines of inquiry.
Royal Mail reveals the minimalist image that will appear on stamps from 4 April.
The allegations by a former McDonald's worker comes after the chain signed an agreement to protect staff.
How did a strong-willed and funny teenager become a victim of negligence and die of morbid obesity?
An ex-senior civil servant talks anonymously to BBC Newsnight about the deputy prime minister's conduct.
The handwritten sheet was given to the founder of the inaugural David Bowie fan club by the star.
Stewart McDonald tells the BBC his emails have been stolen by a group linked to Russian intelligence.
The government suffered a series of heavy defeats to its Public Order Bill in the House of Lords.
Danielle Deadwyler and Viola Davis were tipped to be nominated for best actress, but missed out.
Bing will now have "answer" and "chat" options in search using the latest in artificial intelligence.
David Carrick's sentencing and the continued search for earthquake survivors lead the front pages.
Rishi Sunak has focused on reorganising departments, rather than sacking ministers, says political editor Chris Mason.
A detective tells BBC News how the former police officer and serial rapist was finally stopped.
Since arriving in the UK from Afghanistan, Mina, Persia and Arifa have been training twice a week.
Doctors have doubts about the vitamin sweets being advertised on Instagram by Kourtney Kardashian.
We look at why having two black quarterbacks in the Super Bowl is such a big moment for the NFL, and profile star men Patrick Mahomes and Jalen Hurts.
Abby Misbin says she charged the singer's team $215 for the handmade glitter ball cowboy hat.
Morrell Murphy's family was told he had been killed in the attack by a German submarine in 1944.
Darren Edwards has finished a gruelling seven global marathons in a week.
Rishi Sunak's made changes to his top team. The BBC's Ione Wells explains why it matters from Westminster.
All Saints singer Shaznay Lewis says "female artists have suffered" as a result of recent changes.
How are police officers vetted and how does the complaints process work?
Critics want the windfall tax to be extended after BP and Shell reported record profits for 2022.
What the UK cabinet is and what its members do.
Desperate to protect their tools from being stolen, tradespeople are considering sophisticated security systems.
The country's worst-ever energy crisis lead to fears for South Africa's wine industry.
Billy Sharp and Sander Berge score injury-time goals as Sheffield United finally end non-league Wrexham's FA Cup adventure in a pulsating fourth-round replay.
BBC Sport answers the key questions after Manchester City are charged by the Premier League with more than 100 breaches of financial rules.
England players Nat and Katherine Sciver-Brunt, Sophie Ecclestone and Danni Wyatt enter the inaugural Women's Premier League auction at the highest reserve price.
Billy Sharp and Sander Berge score injury-time goals as Sheffield United end non-league Wrexham's FA Cup run in a pulsating fourth-round replay.
BBC Radio Leeds' Adam Pope looks at why Jesse Marsch failed at Leeds United and who could replace him as they look to avoid relegation.
Formula 1 president Stefano Domenicali says the sport will "never put a gag on anyone" amid controversy over freedom of speech.
Former Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany says he is "very sceptical" of people "pointing fingers" at the club, which has been charged with breaking the Premier League's financial rules.
Dramatic video showed a rescuer carrying the girl, whose mother, father and four siblings were killed.
The death toll in Turkey continues to rise as survivors struggle to find shelter and support.
Photos from Turkey and Syria show collapsed buildings and devastation across the region.
A range of charities are trying to help with things such as medical aid, shelter and food.
Turkish second division club Yeni Malatyaspor confirm goalkeeper Ahmet Eyup Turkaslan has died following Monday's earthquake in his home country.
Quake-prone Mexico has expert teams of humans and canines specialised in searching through rubble.
The sense of loss is spreading quickly in Turkey, the BBC's Tom Bateman reports from Adana.
More than 5,000 people have died in the earthquake which struck near Gaziantep, Turkey on Monday.
President Zelensky steps up calls for the West to supply fighter jets to Ukraine, on a surprise visit to the UK.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan defends the government's response as Syria struggles to get much needed aid.
After a slow initial response, roads into the city are now gridlocked with aid vehicles arriving.
US officials say the object is part of a wider fleet of balloons that has spanned five continents.
Divers say Nicola Bulley is "categorically not" in the section of river where police think she fell.
The 12-year-old was found unconscious at his home and died after a legal battle over life support.
It comes after the former PM's latest declaration of a £2.5m advance payment for speaking events.
The aircraft was hit by a Russian-made missile in eastern Ukraine in 2014, killing 298 people.
Two children were killed and six others were injured in the incident near Montreal on Wednesday.
Jadon Sancho scores on his Premier League return as Manchester United recover from two goals down to draw with Leeds.
More than 11,000 people have died and thousands have lost homes following the earthquake.
Jared O'Mara is convicted of trying to claim almost £24,000 to fund a cocaine habit.
Helen Hewlett is convicted of soliciting the murder of a man she met at the Linda McCartney factory.
Emma Pattison and her young daughter were shot by George Pattison before he killed himself.
A group called GPs at the Deep End is concerned patients are lacking in basic vitamins and minerals.
Volodymyr Zelensky's surprise visit to the UK and his appeal for fighter jets lead the front pages.
Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky spoke in Westminster Hall and met King Charles at Buckingham Palace.
The letters, written during her English captivity, were found during a trawl of French archives.
His address carried hints at what a re-election bid may look like, our North America editor says.
The allegations by a former McDonald's worker come after the chain signed an agreement to protect staff.
Behind the sale of a masterpiece painting is the story of a Jewish girl's extraordinary escape from the Nazis.
The winning images from this year's British Press Photographer of the Year competition.
LA Lakers' star LeBron James scores 38 points to become the all-time leading scorer in the NBA.
Royal Mail reveals the minimalist image that will appear on stamps from 4 April.
This small Ukrainian city has been at the centre of an epic six-month battle on the front line.
Goals from Harry Wilson, Andreas Pereira and Layvin Kurzawa see Fulham past Sunderland in a lively FA Cup fourth-round replay.
Stina Blackstenius' extra-time strike sends Arsenal past holders Manchester City and through to the Continental League Cup final.
Coach Brendon McCullum says he is "in awe of how good" the players in his England squad can be.
Ben Wilmot's big brother is his biggest fan. But how has Joe's sexuality affected the way he and Ben see the sport they love?
Motorsport boss Mohammed Ben Sulayem says he will take a step back from direct involvement in Formula 1.
Watch highlights as Fulham see off Championship play-off hopefuls Sunderland to set up an FA Cup fifth-round tie against Leeds United.
Jadon Sancho is a "magnificent" player whose future is "in his own hands" after scoring on his Premier League return, says boss Erik ten Hag
A look at how the BBC is able to cover the story with such limited access on the ground.
Recently built properties advertised as earthquake proof were among collapsed buildings in Turkey.
Days after Turkey's devastating earthquake, there are still some moments of joy, but they are fewer.
A search and rescue operation is under way, with specialist teams arriving from around the world.
Families in some badly-hit areas complain they have had no help digging to find relatives.
Photos from Turkey and Syria show collapsed buildings and devastation across the region.
Rescuers found the young Syrian boy trapped under rubble in Hatay, Turkey
Video shows a rescue team pull two adults and four children from rubble in Idlib, Syria.
The UN calls for aid workers to get more resources and warns the full extent of the disaster is still unfolding.
The baby girl was rescued from a collapsed building in Syria, but her mother died after the birth.
The musician wrote enduring classics like Walk On By and I Say A Little Prayer.
The British government is urged by MPs to hold an "honest" inquiry into its role in Afghanistan.
The justice secretary and deputy prime minister defends his conduct amid allegations of bullying.
What you need to know about the ambulance workers' strike and other industrial action, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
Police search teams move "further downstream" and then out towards the sea at Morecambe Bay.
A protest was held after the suspected racially-aggravated assault on the girl in Surrey.
The show will see "musical icons and contemporary stars" perform at Windsor Castle, in May.
The independent body which sets the figure says it is in line with public sector pay rises last year.
The ex-culture secretary and Mid Bedfordshire MP blames her party's decision to oust Boris Johnson.
The Duchess of Cornwall is reunited with Jim Embury during a visit to Cornwall.
Scotland's councils consider cutting jobs and services, and council tax rises in a bid to balance books.
Changes to the Church of England, Dominic Raab's defence and Burt Bacharach's death lead the papers.
The composer, who has died aged 94, was behind classics like I Say a Little Prayer and Walk On By.
The missing mum vanished on a riverside dog walk in St Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire on 27 January.
Disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara's downfall came almost as swiftly as his unlikely rise.
The amazing tale of the triathlete who won a competition to keep her Hollywood dream alive.
Kim Jong-Un's daughter's latest appearance has sparked questions about her future in North Korea.
The MP for Ashfield is known for his controversial views but supporters believe he can connect with voters.
Flu, staff shortages and Covid backlogs are putting the NHS under severe strain, find out what's happening in your area.
Speaking in an interview with the Today programme, the Irish actor reacts to his recent award success.
The Ukrainian leader visited the UK on Wednesday and made a plea for fighter jets.
The singer will headline one of the most prestigious gigs in music at Sunday's Super Bowl in Arizona.
Volodymyr Zelensky's surprise visit to the UK and his appeal for fighter jets lead the front pages.
Sam Kerr scores four goals in a scintillating display as Chelsea ruthlessly brush aside West Ham to reach a fourth successive Continental League Cup final.
A new-look European Super League would be a competition with no permanent members and based on sporting performance, says A22 chief executive Bernd Reichart.
Worcester Warriors withdraw their proposal to play in the Championship next season and will change the club's name to Sixways Rugby.
UK culture secretary Lucy Frazer will chair a summit of 30 nations on Friday to discuss Russian and Belarusian athletes' participation in next year's Olympics in Paris.
Former players Chris Ashton, Shane Horgan, Philippa Tuttiett and Andy Nicol discuss England's midfield dilemma.
BBC Sport and former England spinner Alex Hartley team up to predict the Women's T20 World Cup and pick out key players to watch during the tournament in South Africa.
Tottenham's record goalscorer Harry Kane shows ex-England captain Alan Shearer one of his trademark finishes in a finishing masterclass.
Footage shows some being pulled from the rubble in the wake of the disaster in Turkey and Syria.
More than 20,000 people are dead and thousands are homeless in Turkey and Syria.
A school group of 39 people were in a hotel in southern Turkey when the building collapsed.
Thousands are sheltering in makeshift camps like the one set up in heart of this neighbourhood reduced to rubble by Monday's earthquakes.
As rescuers look for earthquake survivors in Turkey, loved ones in the UK watch the search remotely.
Recently built properties advertised as earthquake-proof were among collapsed buildings in Turkey.
Vital UN deliveries to the opposition-held region were halted for four days due to road damage.
Aerial footage shows thick, dark smoke billowing from a port in southern Turkey which reignited.
Days after Turkey's devastating earthquake, there are still some moments of joy, but they are fewer.
A look at how the BBC is able to cover the story with such limited access on the ground.
After a slow initial response, roads into the city are now gridlocked with aid vehicles arriving.
Ahmed al-Masri describes the horror he felt while treating Syrian children injured in the earthquake.
A window with a butterfly print curtain is the first clue in a story about loss in a devastating quake.
The object of unknown origin was shot down by an F-22 using a sidewinder missile, the US says.
Merseyside Police say missiles were thrown towards officers after an "initially peaceful protest".
Paul Ansell says he does not believe Nicola Bulley fell in the river, as police say they are open-minded.
Norfolk Police say the bomb detonated unplanned during an attempt to defuse it.
Sir Jony Ive has designed an emblem of "optimism" to be used for the coronation of King Charles.
Reporter Nick Garnett looks at where the missing mother-of-two was last seen, and where she could have gone.
Hugh Hudson's family said he died at Charing Cross Hospital in London after a short illness.
The union calls the deals from both Network Rail and the train operating companies "dreadful".
Ian Lavery says he "does not owe a single penny" in tax and has never paid a penalty to HMRC.
Friends Tatiana Brandão and Raquel Moreira died while on holiday together in the US.
Russian participation in the Paris 2024 Olympics "cannot be covered up with pretend neutrality or a white flag", says Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky.
Items belonging to Star Wars actor Peter Mayhew will be returned to his wife after a public appeal.
Britain's economy is expected to shrink in 2023, and grow only slowly in the following period.
The 1993 Super Bowl was to be a landmark event for Arizona but it disappeared out of the state in a swirl of politics, polemic and division.
A stretch of the A9 has been the focus of an ambitious, now controversially delayed, building project.
Ukraine wants Western jets to help fight Russia, but using them effectively could be difficult.
Priyasasha Kumari says her "fierce" character Samia challenges stereotypes for South Asian actors.
Owain Williams bombed a dam in a bid to stop the drowning of the north Wales village Capel Celyn.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The composer, who has died aged 94, was behind classics like I Say a Little Prayer and Walk On By.
Mo Gilligan says rows over nominations are above his pay grade and he wants to put on a good show.
Two teachers who inspired the Bafta-nominated film Blue Jean talk about the era of Section 28.
Changes to the Church of England, Dominic Raab's defence and Burt Bacharach's death lead the papers.
England captain Heather Knight and fast bowler Katherine Sciver-Brunt emphasise the side's positivity before their first game in the Women's T20 World Cup.
England coach Steve Borthwick drops Marcus Smith and selects Owen Farrell at fly-half against Italy in the Six Nations on Sunday.
Manchester City have been "already sentenced" over alleged financial rule breaches, says manager Pep Guardiola.
Sri Lanka's bowlers produce an inspired display to shock hosts South Africa in the opening fixture of the Women's T20 World Cup.
Hearts progress to their fifth Scottish Cup quarter-final in six seasons after seeing off a spirited second-half showing from Championship bottom-side Hamilton Academical.
On-loan Hannibal Mejbri scores one and makes the other as Birmingham City win the West Midlands derby against West Bromwich Albion.
Watch highlights as Sri Lanka produce a shock win over hosts South Africa in the opening match of the Women's T20 World Cup in Cape Town.
The BBC is one of the first international outlets to report from the historic Syrian city.
The EU's Sentinel satellite system traces how the ground ruptured during Monday's big tremors.
One Turkish hospital is now a hub for unidentified children whose parents are dead or untraceable.
The baby girl was rescued from a collapsed building in Syria, but her mother died after the birth.
The aid package is intended to prevent people from dying of cold exposure, starvation and illness.
Ten-day-old Yagiz was retrieved from ruins in southern Turkey after almost 100 hours trapped.
The BBC witnesses the hours-long rescue of Merve and Irem from a collapsed apartment block in Turkey.
Unrest in southern Turkey disrupted rescue efforts in some areas on Saturday, three aid groups say.
The flying object "violated airspace" over north-west Canada, says Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
A committee says Mr Sharp did not give the "full facts" while applying for the job at the BBC.
"I'm aware of my privilege tonight," Styles said, naming women who missed out on artist of the year.
From Harry Styles's giant corsage to Lizzo's gold ruffles - there were plenty of head-turning outfits.
A police officer and two members of the public suffered minor injuries during the disorder.
Poland's president tells Laura Kuenssberg sending F-16 aircraft would be a "very serious decision".
The women are trying to ensure their children obtain Argentinian citizenship, officials say.
Police say Kiernan Forbes and Tebello Motsoane were killed at close range in the city of Durban.
Finn Russell-inspired Scotland sweep aside Wales 35-7 to win back-to-back games at the start of a Six Nations for the first time.
More than 24,000 people have now died after the two earthquakes in Turkey and Syria.
Newcastle extend their unbeaten run to a club record-equalling 17 league games but have to settle for a point on Eddie Howe's return to Bournemouth.
Nearly two million households will see their mortgage deal end this year, so what should they think about?
About 70 food parcels were claimed within half an hour of the foodbank opening before Christmas.
TV shows across Europe, including Italy's Sanremo festival, air finals to choose Eurovision songs.
We look at why having two black quarterbacks in the Super Bowl is such a big moment for the NFL, and profile star men Patrick Mahomes and Jalen Hurts.
Nobody was injured when the unplanned detonation happened in Great Yarmouth.
A genre likened to gangster rap revels in the cartel wars and has listeners divided on its merits.
It took a university student in Ethiopia four years to get a horrific online photo removed.
Could giving discounts off energy bills persuade more people to support wind farms in their area?
A selection of powerful images from all over the world, taken in the past seven days.
Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta accuses officials of 'changing the rules' after claiming Brentford's equaliser in Saturday's draw at Emirates should have been ruled out for offside.
England demonstrate their new aggressive style in superb fashion as they power to a seven-wicket win over West Indies at the Women's T20 World Cup in South Africa.
Andy Farrell hails Ireland's display as "astonishing" as they beat France in the Six Nations battle of the world's top two ranked teams.
Pep Guardiola says Manchester City's achievements will always "belong to us" even if the club is stripped of its Premier League titles.
Finn Russell makes a brilliant backhanded pass to send Kyle Steyn over for a Scotland try against Wales.
GB's Josie Knight wins individual pursuit silver, while Will Perrett takes omnium bronze at the European Track Championships.
Southampton manager Nathan Jones says he has 'no idea' if his side's defeat by 10-man Wolves on Saturday was his last game in charge.
A window with a butterfly print curtain is the first clue in a story about loss in a devastating quake.
Quentin Sommerville is in the town of Harem in Idlib, where around 700 houses were destroyed.
Little foreign aid has arrived in the country - and promises of better access may not change much.
"We've received nothing but God's mercy," one earthquake survivor tells Quentin Sommerville.
A 15-year-old boy and girl are being held on suspicion of murdering a 16-year-old girl in Warrington.
In Bakhmut, Orla Guerin speaks to Ukrainian defenders doggedly holding off fierce Russian attacks.
Richard Sharp's position is "extremely difficult" following MPs' report, says SNP's John Nicolson.
The downing of a high-altitude object near the Canadian border is the fourth such incident this month.
A man is rescued after spending nearly a week under the rubble in Antakya
"We need you home" reads one message left on bridge, as search for missing mother continues.
Lucie Jones was among the winners at Sunday's WhatsOnStage Awards for her performance in Wicked.
Some people have been told to evacuate there homes and the worst weather is expected on Monday.
A seven-month-old baby and 12-year-old girl are among those pulled from the rubble.
England claim a first win of Steve Borthwick's tenure with a pragmatic bonus-point win over Italy in the Six Nations at Twickenham.
Two workers were rescued when a hole was cut in the bottom of a partly-full Mars Wrigley chocolate tank.
Single mother Lucie had to find somewhere new to live with her four children.
Your essential guide to Super Bowl 57 as the Kansas City Chiefs face the Philadelphia Eagles in Arizona for the NFL championship.
Exiled after competing in France while failing to wear a hijab, Sadaf Khadem says it is now her home.
The mosque's manager says the appeal for donations is "a pure humanitarian cause".
Stuart Grant, 90, has spent years turning a ruined farm building in the Highlands into a little house.
Oil and gas producers are making billions while bills soar. Should governments tax them more?
Yang Min has demanded "justice" for her daughter, who died of Covid in China three years ago.
Jack Willis puts a turbulent two years behind him to produce a stellar display on his first England start since making his Test debut in November 2020.
Manchester City beat Aston Villa in their first game since being accused of more than 100 rule breaches by the Premier League.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says Marcus Rashford must guard against "laziness" if he is to remain one of Europe's most potent forwards.
England's second group-stage fixture against Ireland takes place against the backdrop of the Women's Premier League auction
American Scottie Scheffler regains the world number one ranking by successfully defending his Phoenix Open title with a two-shot win.
Watch highlights as England respond to their opening-round defeat by Scotland with a 31-14 win against Italy at Twickenham in the Six Nations.
The stars have aligned for brothers Jason and Travis Kelce to meet in the Super Bowl, and there could be more good news for the family this weekend.
Mehmet and Fatma Meter lost seven loved ones in a village where the dead now outnumber the living.
Before the earthquake, there were amnesties for contractors who swerved regulations.
But Andrew Mitchell admits helping the nation is "difficult", amid criticism of the global response.
Two earthquakes have killed thousands of people in southern Turkey and northern Syria.
The BBC witnesses the hours-long rescue of Merve and Irem from a collapsed apartment block.
On a night of inflatable trousers and stolen embraces, who were the real victors at the Brit Awards?
Artists say conversations on female representation is important and action must take place.
From Harry Styles's giant corsage to Lizzo's gold ruffles - there were plenty of head-turning outfits.
Harry Styles was the big winner at the Brit Awards, picking up four trophies including album and artist of the year.
A rundown of everyone who won and was nominated for the 2023 Brit Awards.
With an abundance of pink fabric, Lizzo performs her single 2 Be Loved with her dance troop.
Questions remain over what the three objects shot down over North America this weekend were.
The BBC's security correspondent explains why the US is downing multiple unidentified flying objects.
Most councils that can hike by 5% without a local vote are planning to do so, research suggests.
More than half of patients have waited more than four hours in some trusts in England this winter.
Aras, aged five, lost his two siblings and his father when the quake hit Turkey's city of Kahramanmaras.
Uefa bears "primary responsibility" for the chaotic scenes before last year's Champions League final, an independent review has found.
Camilla is said to have cold symptoms but is described as keeping in "good spirits".
Brianna Ghey, 16, who was stabbed to death in a park is described as "fearless and one of a kind".
A new travel warning urges US citizens to leave the country immediately or face conscription.
Wayne Couzens exposed himself shortly before he abducted, raped and killed Sarah Everard in 2021.
It is the third time in the nation's history a state of emergency has been declared.
Ashley Dale, 28, was found with a gunshot wound in a back garden in Liverpool on 21 August.
Owner Coca Cola is rebranding the soft drink as Fanta Pineapple & Grapefruit.
Recruiters and charities give their advice for anyone wanting to get back into work.
A day in the life of a woman helping people with debt as charities report record requests for help.
The Scottish SPCA said the number of calls tripled to 4,000 last year because of the cost of living
About 70 food parcels were claimed within half an hour of the foodbank opening before Christmas.
Tuesday's papers focus on apparent spy balloons in the US, as well as the cost of living crisis.
Necla Camuz was trapped under rubble with her newborn son for almost four days - and then she heard dogs barking in the distance.
The eye-catching red carpet look's creator is a latex farmer in India and was inspired by his dog.
People spotted the 1m space rock streaking across the sky in the early hours of Monday morning.
It's not just Doctor Who and Gavin and Stacey, BBC has been at Wales' major moments since 1923.
George Walker has a private pilot licence at the age of 17, inspired by his grandfather who was in the RAF.
Greeting listeners with a "bore da", the Welsh presenter took the mic from 04:00 GMT.
William Rayfet Hunter is the third person to receive the prize, which was set up by rapper Stormzy.
A man accused of rape was declared dead by authorities - until the victim's mother proved otherwise.
Of North Norfolk's 55,000 properties, nearly 6,000 are either second homes or are empty long-term.
Cody Gakpo scores his first Liverpool goal as the Reds return to winning ways in the Merseyside derby to leave Everton rooted in the relegation zone.
Fernando Alonso says he is convinced the Aston Martin team he has joined this year will become winners in Formula 1 in the future.
Watch the best shots from Alice Capsey's 21 ball half-century against Ireland, as England win by 4 wickets for their second victory at the Women's T20 World Cup.
England beat Ireland on a "weird day" where the Women's Premier League auction took place at the same time as their T20 World Cup match.
Former Celtic and Chelsea striker Chris Sutton referees a grassroots football game and speaks with 18-year-old Megan, who recalls the abuse she's received.
Hundreds of grassroots referees tell the BBC they fear for their safety when refereeing and are dissatisfied with the current measures to tackle abuse.
Damage and destruction follows in the wake of last week's earthquake, which has left more than 33,000 dead.
Mehmet and Fatma Meter lost seven loved ones in a village where the dead now outnumber the living.
CCTV from inside a hospital in Gaziantep, Turkey shows the neonatal unit in the minutes after the deadly earthquake.
"I kept telling myself, he's alive, he's alive," the man's emotional father tells Tom Bateman.
Miray was pulled from under the rubble after being trapped for 178 hours, authorities have said.
A toddler becomes the first to be treated by the NHS with a new gene therapy costing £2.875 million.
The White House says the unidentified aircraft may have been "tied to commercial or research entities".
One of his offences was committed four days before the then-Met PC abducted Sarah Everard.
Fake Russian spies helped expose David Ballantyne Smith for sharing data with Russia, a court hears.
A part of the artwork, a fridge freezer, will return "once it has been made safe", a council says.
The vigils, organised by the transgender community, are held in memory of the stabbed 16-year-old.
US President Joe Biden personally calls retired Col Paris Davis after a wait of almost sixty years.
He becomes the eighth British man known to have died in Ukraine since the Russian invasion last year.
The King is told about the earthquake "catastrophe" in Turkey and Syria by those who have lost family.
The King's Singers group says the concert in Florida was cancelled with just two hours' notice.
The 32-year-old surrenders to police with his hands up, a court hears.
A group of MPs urged the government to block the Xinjiang governor's visit.
A man and a woman are arrested after councillors receive abusive messages over the missing mother.
A three-course meal plan for someone special that won't break the bank.
Wednesday's papers look at the UK's response to Russian aggression and the Koh-i-Noor diamond.
Olesya posted online about Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Now, she can only leave home to go to court.
The former South Carolina governor is entering the presidential race and taking on Donald Trump.
Two police officers are injured after their car is forced into a barrier during the pursuit.
Lauti Murguia is offered tickets by player Kasey Palmer after a tweet about buying a Coventry City shirt.
Etiquette expert William Hanson tells Newsbeat the dos and don'ts for your socials after a split.
Hundreds of grassroots referees tell the BBC they fear for their safety when refereeing and are dissatisfied with the current measures to tackle abuse.
From complaints to fevered speculation, responses from Chinese officials and netizens have shifted.
This year marks the triumphant return of the Academy's annual yearbook photo.
Recruiters are targeting Central Asian migrants in prisons and at work centres to join the war.
Midfielders Pape Matar Sarr and Oliver Skipp shine amid the gloom of Champions League defeat for Tottenham at AC Milan.
Mikel Arteta says he will "only be satisfied" if Arsenal are given two points back for the VAR error which could have cost them victory against Brentford.
Defending champions Australia take a step closer to the semi-finals of the Women's T20 World Cup with an eight-wicket win over Bangladesh.
Tiger Woods says he is "playing to win" when he competes this week in his first tournament in seven months at the PGA Tour's Genesis Invitational.
Frenchman Kingsley Coman scores the winner for Bayern Munich against former club Paris St-Germain in their Champions League last-16 first-leg encounter.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola apologises to Steven Gerrard for the "stupid" comments he made in his news conference on Friday about the former Liverpool captain's slip in 2014.
Pace bowler Stuart Broad returns to the England team for the first Test against New Zealand in Mount Maunganui.
Aras, aged five, lost his two siblings and his father when the quake hit Turkey's city of Kahramanmaras.
BBC News investigates the tactics used by scammers to make money when natural disasters strike.
Drone footage shows the immense scale of the damage in Hatay, in the south of the country.
Video shows Miray being rescued from under an apartment building a week after a huge earthquake.
Ibrahim Urs lost his sister, her husband and his two nephews in the Turkey-Syria earthquake.
After eight years as first minister, Ms Sturgeon says her head and her heart say it is the right time to go.
The BBC's Scotland editor James Cook considers how history will judge her years in office.
The mother's problems with drinking were brought on by her struggles with the menopause, police say.
Emma Pattison and Lettie are believed to have been shot by George Pattison before he killed himself.
Golden Globe winner Welch has been credited with paving the way for action heroines in Hollywood.
The 17-year-old had been in a football academy in Leicestershire since late last year.
The 15-year-old murdered Ian Kirwan by stabbing him in the heart at the Redditch Asda store.
The former Labour leader attacks a decision to bar him from representing Labour at the next election.
The fast food chain says rising food and energy costs mean its prices are going up.
Zholia Alemi worked as a psychiatrist for 22 years after she forged a medical degree, a court hears.
It was filmed during a 1986 diving expedition which gave the first glimpses of the shipwreck on the sea floor.
Manchester City return to the top of the Premier League for the first time since November as they leapfrog leaders Arsenal with victory at Emirates Stadium.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen slightly, but inflation remains near a 40-year high.
Millions of households across the UK will see a sharp increase in council tax bills in April.
The SNP's shock resignation dominates Wednesday's front pages, both north and south of the border.
A toddler becomes the first to be treated by the NHS with a new gene therapy costing £2.875m.
In June 2018, 12 boys from the Wild Boars spent three weeks trapped in the Tham Luang cave in Thailand.
A 2022 peace deal halted Ethiopia's two-year civil war. Women say it did not stop the violence.
'Alice' was groomed on a video chat website - her lawsuit against it could have far-reaching consequences.
A new grassroots campaign is aiming to boost Tory membership to ensure the party's long-term survival.
Why Mary Nighy's film, starring Anna Kendrick, is getting audiences talking about toxic relationships.
Videos with the hashtags #GymCreep and #GymWeirdo have more than 100 million views on the platform.
Sir Mark Rylance is leading a crowdfunding appeal to erect a statue of peace campaigner Brian Haw.
Chelsea produce a positive display against Borussia Dortmund but familiar issues in front goal come back to haunt them once again.
England's philosophy stretches much further than a style of play on the field - their entire environment is an investment that could lead to the pay-off of an Ashes win.
Britain's Keely Hodgkinson sets a world-leading time as she storms to a dominant 800m victory at the World Indoor Tour in Lievin.
Middlesbrough keep their hopes of a top-two finish in the Championship alive with a comeback victory at promotion rivals Sheffield United.
Six Nations Rugby Special's John Barclay and Jonathan Davies analyse a tackle by Uini Atonio on Ireland's Rob Herring that earned the French prop a three-match ban.
The surprise departure of the most experienced political leader in the UK throws up many questions.
Ms Sturgeon refused to back anyone as a successor, insisting there was a wealth of talent within the SNP.
Scotland's First Minister has resigned - here's what you should know about her.
Scotland's first minister shared her view on the Tories, Jeremy Clarkson and controversial haircuts.
Scotland's first minister has been an SNP stalwart since she was a teenager.
Nicola Sturgeon announces that she is resigning after more than eight years as head of the Scottish government.
The hospital building, which had 300 people inside, failed a 2012 earthquake resistance test.
Ibrahim Urs lost his sister, her husband and his two nephews in the Turkey-Syria earthquake.
The search and rescue specialists freed two people from a collapsed building in Hatay at the weekend.
Ukraine's leader speaks to John Simpson before the anniversary of Russia's invasion on 24 February.
A source close to the home secretary says she demanded an explanation from Lancashire Police.
The deputy first minister says he has to do what is right for his family, the party and the country.
Mr Biden says he will speak with China's President Xi Jinping soon "to get to the bottom of this".
He was diagnosed with aphasia in spring last year, but the condition has progressed.
What you need to know about Border Force and ambulance workers' strikes.
Faten Al Yousifi, 39 weeks pregnant, had a birth bag ready to go when the earthquake struck.
Rishi Sunak is in Belfast as speculation rises that a deal could be done with the EU next week.
Royal College of Nursing to take action from 1 to 3 March in England in biggest walkout of dispute.
The murder-accused nurse abruptly leaves her seat as a doctor begins to give evidence.
The two kits were part of a family of beavers moved from an area of Tayside.
Kate Moss and Victoria Beckham were among those paying tribute to the late fashion designer.
Erik ten Hag praises Manchester United's "character" after a thrilling first-leg draw at Barcelona leaves their Europa League play-off tie finely poised.
Lorna Acquah's search to find a rental flat was filled with long queues, bidding wars and greasy kitchens.
The BBC is given rare access to a prisoner of war facility housing hundreds in western Ukraine.
With seven million registered voters, Nigeria's biggest city could hold the keys to the presidential villa.
Liam Garner, 17, declared himself the youngest person ever to cycle the Pan-American highway.
Under pressure to boost profit, Disney is doing what has worked for 100 years: rebooting the classics.
Roger, 69, is well enough to go home from hospital - but like many others, he cannot be discharged.
More have been detained since the start of the protests than ever before, an advocacy group says.
The coin is the third in the Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone 25th anniversary collection series.
Marcus Rashford shows why Xavi rates him as one of Europe's most dangerous players with a fine performance against Barcelona as he equals his most prolific season in football.
England's defence of their Arnold Clark Cup title gets off to the perfect start as they comfortably beat South Korea at Stadium MK.
Warrington make an impressive start to the new Super League season with a victory over last year's losing Grand Finalists Leeds.
Harry Brook says England's decision to declare "absolutely" paid off after the tourists took three late New Zealand wickets on day one of the first Test.
Three years ago, they walked away from Arsenal. Now, a Premier League title challenge has drawn them, reluctantly, back.
Australia's Grace Harris takes a brilliant catch off Ellyse Perry's bowling to remove Sri Lanka's Chamari Athapaththu at the Women's T20 World Cup.
Alun Wyn Jones says it would be the "last option" for Wales players to go on strike against England but admits the threat of action is "hard to deny".
More than 24 hours after Nicola Sturgeon's resignation, why has no one said they will stand to replace her?
The SNP's opponents believe Nicola Sturgeon's departure will hamper the push for Scottish independence.
Ms Sturgeon refused to back anyone as a successor, insisting there was a wealth of talent within the SNP.
The first minister said it was time for her to step back - but what might be the reasons behind her surprise decision?
As her time in Scottish politics comes to an end, BBC Scotland correspondents look at her record.
Emergency crews celebrated the 17-year-old's survival, but rescues are becoming rare.
Wards cannot take new casualties, nor can homeless patients be discharged, the BBC finds.
More than 500 bodies have been pulled from the rubble of 200 destroyed buildings in Jindayris.
Delta indicated where a women was trapped under rubble, nine days after the devastating earthquake.
The UN says 11 lorries have driven through a reopened border crossing into rebel-held north-west Syria.
The women survived trapped beneath the rubble in Turkey despite freezing conditions.
Qatar's Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and Sir Jim Ratcliffe's Ineos make bids to buy Manchester United.
A judge confirms the five defendants are pleading not guilty to charges including murder and assault.
The letter says officers are accused of sharing "derogatory images" of the celebrity's disabled son.
The X-Men star said the move would be "natural", but he still had respect for the UK's Royal Family.
The BBC's Home Affairs correspondent explains what David Smith did, and how he was stopped.
The union said it had made "significant progress" across multiple issues during talks with employers.
Rishi Sunak told broadcasters he was "pleased the police are looking at how that happened".
The comments were made as seven Just Stop Oil members were sentenced for targeting a fuel terminal.
Rishi Sunak says "we have not got a deal yet" as speculation mounts that one may come next week.
The rail franchise pulled far more trains than any other operator, figures released by the regulator show.
The firm joins a slew of other companies that are tightening remote work rules.
Two young people with lupus say why Selena speaking about the condition is so important to them.
How could you keep warm at night for the lowest cost?
As London Fashion Week begins, are more people fixing their old clothes instead of buying new ones?
Rishi Sunak faces objections to plans for EU deal and energy prices in Europe have fallen dramatically.
It's not the same as dementia, but it can affect a person's personality, language and behaviour.
Emma Childerley was five years old and asleep in her bed when her father Kevin was killed at the family home.
Security guard David Smith pleaded guilty to passing on details of the embassy and its staff for cash.
The Finnish capital attracts top gaming talent, while Netflix is setting up its gaming division there.
King Charles also met with global leaders on Friday at Buckingham Palace to discuss biodiversity.
A man who attacked a lone woman in a Florida apartment gym got more than he bargained for.
Thousands of people lined the streets of Edinburgh ahead of Barry Martin's funeral at St Giles’ Cathedral.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The rainbow-clad model shark has captured international attention, inspired memes and won adoring fans.
A technology first used during the French Revolutionary Wars remains in demand today for good reasons.
AKA was gunned down outside a restaurant in Durban in what police suspect was a targeted killing.
Tiger Woods apologises for any offence he caused by handing Justin Thomas a tampon after outdriving his playing partner at the Genesis Invitational.
West Indies keep their semi-finals hope alive as they defeat Ireland by six wickets in a thrilling game to knock them out of the Women's T20 World Cup.
England's Sophia Dunkley says they are "ready and excited" for their crunch match against India at the Women's T20 World Cup on Saturday.
Cardiff City's mini-revival under new boss Sabri Lamouchi continues with a stoppage-time win over Reading in the Championship.
Lee Mason leaves referees' body PGMOL by mutual consent and will no longer officiate in the Premier League.
World champion Leigh Wood clashes with Mauricio Lara's trainer at Friday's weigh-in, before the challenger shares a pizza on stage with promoter Eddie Hearn.
Scotland's health secretary says he will make his intentions clear in the coming days after speaking with his family.
Nominations for the post opened after Nicola Sturgeon said she was to step down as first minister.
Ms Sturgeon refused to back anyone as a successor, insisting there was a wealth of talent within the SNP.
Kamala Harris was speaking at a security conference, where leaders called for long-term support of Ukraine.
The UK is preparing to announce it next week but the PM says there are "challenges to work through".
The former US president will "spend his remaining time at home with his family", the Carter Center said.
The coronation service for King Charles will feature 12 newly-commissioned pieces of music.
The Welshman says he is "coming back" to his former self after treatment for head and neck cancer.
Manchester City miss the opportunity to return to the top of the Premier League as Chris Wood's late goal earns Nottingham Forest a point.
A 20-year tour guide takes the BBC into the Turkish city, where his usual reference points are in ruins.
Ferry operator P&O is advising passengers to use the toilet before arriving at the port of Calais.
A former police boss defends Lancashire Police's investigation into her disappearance.
Veteran presenter Rachid M'Barki is accused of running stories planted by an Israel-based organisation.
Hundreds attend a rally in support of refugees after violence outside a hotel housing asylum seekers.
Iran International says it's leaving the UK because of threats against its London-based journalists.
Former PM says it is a mistake to scrap NI Protocol bill and Duke of York might lose £30m mansion after grant cut.
In three crucial ways, the landscape shifted - and the result could shape the next general election.
Poland has welcomed millions of Ukrainians fleeing Russia's war, but many want their old lives back.
Steve Davies is hoping to address the surfing industry's environmental impact - with mushrooms.
Police have quietly gone after those who took part in the November protests that shook China.
With talk of an agreement as early as next week, what could the UK-EU compromise look like?
Marianna Spring goes to visits St Michael's on Wyre to try to understand the scale of the social media frenzy.
Projections suggest the UK recovering slower than other countries - and the reasons go beyond Brexit.
Ghana is seeking a $3bn loan from the IMF but the president is pushing ahead with a huge new cathedral.
Leigh Wood's reign as WBA featherweight champion is over after the Briton loses to hard-hitting Mauricio Lara in Nottingham.
Newcastle United's cutting edge has gone, for now at least, after dropping more points in the loss to Liverpool, says Phil McNulty.
Arsenal left it late but a stunning end to their win over Aston Villa shows why they are very much in the heat of the Premier League title race.
England are "building nicely" towards the semi-finals of the Women's T20 World Cup, says captain Heather Knight.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer says he is at a loss to explain what Graham Potter's Chelsea are trying to do in attack after a 1-0 loss to Southampton.
Chelsea manager Graham Potter says captain Cesar Azpilicueta is "speaking" in hospital after suffering a head injury during Saturday's home defeat by Southampton.
Officers searching for the missing mother-of two say they have found a body in the River Wyre.
The US secretary of state said Beijing was considering "lethal support" for Russia in Ukraine.
Netflix's World War One epic won best film and six other prizes at the ceremony in London on Sunday.
The presenter anchored the five-hour live TV marathon every Saturday between 1968 and 1985.
What you need to know about ambulance and Border Force workers' strikes, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
The former PM has urged Rishi Sunak not to drop the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill, which he introduced.
The move comes after Twitter introduced a subscription-based verification service last year.
The iconic Balloon Dog was knocked to the ground by an art collector in Miami.
Searches will only continue in Kahramanmaras and Hatay, the country's disaster agency said.
BMA members have been balloted over a junior doctors strike, with the result expected on Monday,
Residents are described as being in shock, with a concert cancelled as a mark of respect.
Police launch a murder investigation after a woman dies in a suspected knife attack.
Viola Davis, Michelle Yeoh and Eddie Redmayne are among the stars gathering in London for the ceremony.
A year into Russia's war, he has little to show for it but there is no sign of an end.
Steve Davies hopes to address the surfing industry's environmental impact - with mushrooms.
Boris Johnson says the Northern Ireland Brexit deal he negotiated is "turning into a political problem".
More than 100 families have applied for a fund to help pay a child's funeral cost since June 2022.
Manchester United face their biggest week under Erik ten Hag, playing Barcelona in the Europa League play-off and Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final.
Rachel Daly's double against Italy has further strengthened the versatile player's claim to be England's number nine.
Tottenham call for social media companies to take action after Son Heung-min is subjected to "utterly reprehensible" racist abuse online.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Dion Dublin and Stephen Warnock analyse the tweaks Manchester United made at half-time in their 3-0 win over Leicester.
Ellie Baker breaks Zola Budd's 1500m championship record from 1986 to win gold at the UK Athletics Indoor Championships in Birmingham.
Watch highlights as Leigh Wood loses his WBA featherweight title to Mauricio Lara in a thrilling fight in Nottingham.
New Zealand keep their hopes of reaching the Women's T20 World Cup semi-finals alive with a dominant 102-run win over Sri Lanka.
The mother-of-two's body was discovered about a mile away from where she was last seen.
The new tremor was reported near Turkey's border with Syria, weeks after another quake killed thousands.
The US president met Ukraine's Zelensky during the surprise trip and reaffirmed his support.
Families of four of the victims say "warning signs were ignored and a licence to kill was granted".
Most have tried to improve their admissions policies but the impact is patchy, BBC analysis finds.
The BBC speaks to about a dozen parents with concerns after children died or became seriously ill.
British Medical Association planning 72-hour walkout as early as mid-March in fight for more pay.
A trial involving nearly 3,000 workers has found working shorter hours makes staff happier and healthier.
The prestigious film ceremony had a diverse set of nominees, but that did not translate into wins.
Harvests in Europe and Africa have been disrupted by bad weather, a retail body says.
10 Archbishops criticise Justin Welby over the Church of England backing blessings for same-sex couples.
The ex-PM puts pressure on Rishi Sunak as she urges the UK to "do all we can" to support Ukraine.
The SNP leadership candidate says she has "significant concerns" about the issue of self-identification.
The formal identification of the 45-year-old, three weeks after going missing, dominates Tuesday's papers.
Our North America editor on how Joe Biden's audacious trip to Kyiv was kept a secret.
The father and daughter in disagreement over the war that killed a beloved brother and son.
Members of the dwindling community are on a quest to reconnect to help preserve their culture.
Secret collection of 77 items from the Angkorian royalty period has been returned to Phnom Penh.
Half of England's special educational needs schools are over-subscribed, BBC research finds.
Adventurer Jamie Douglas-Hamilton's latest rowing challenge left him in the worst pain he has felt.
Some workers could be forced to work during a strike if the government's plans become law.
Individuals suffering from insomnia are increasingly turning to tech for assistance.
Crowds in Chisinau voice anger at rising living costs and poverty as Moscow is accused of sending saboteurs.
Ms Sturgeon refused to back anyone as a successor, insisting there was a wealth of talent within the SNP.
Work is under way at the Emma Bridgewater factory to create commemorative plates, mugs and teapots.
The UK is among the countries supporting an ongoing ban on Russian and Belarusian athletes competing in international sporting events.
Liverpool owner John Henry says he is not selling the Premier League club, but does expect some investment.
Qatari and British bids have been made to buy Manchester United, but a potential offer from a US-based organisation could allow current owners the Glazer family to retain an interest in the club, writes Simon Stone.
Last summer's European Championship glory for the Lionesses was the end of a search that started more than 20 years ago.
Watch the best shots from Smriti Mandhana as she hits 87 off 56 balls against Ireland as India win a rain-affected game by five runs to secure a semi-final spot at the Women's T20 World Cup.
Wicketkeeper Amy Jones says England are "still searching for the complete performance" at the Women's T20 World Cup.
Lance Stroll is to miss this week's pre-season test after suffering "minor injuries" in a cycling accident.
We bring you the best quotes and most amusing moments from backstage.
Frankie Corio, 12, stars alongside Normal People star Paul Mescal in the Bafta-winning movie.
All Quiet On The Western Front wasn't the only winner in town at 2023's Bafta Awards.
Michelle Yeoh is among the contenders for this year's British Academy Film Awards.
In separate speeches, Russia's leader targets the West but the US president says his lust for land will fail.
Action planned for next week is paused as the Royal College of Nursing agrees to meet the government.
New below-inflation pay rises are being recommended for nurses, teachers and police officers.
Supermarkets face shortages of some fresh produce, but Tesco and others are not limiting sales.
The TV presenter says cyclists should wear a helmet after he was hit by a car in Sheffield.
Real Madrid come from 2-0 down to thrash Liverpool 5-2 in Champions League last-16 first leg
Genaro García Luna, a key drugs war figure, is found guilty of taking bribes from a drug cartel.
Parliament orders an inquiry after dozens of women speak of abuse on British-operated tea farms.
Nurses, teachers and police officers would get below inflation rises, under government proposals.
The broadcasting regulator writes to ITV and Sky News "to ask them to explain their actions".
The SNP leadership hopeful's campaign has been hit by key backers withdrawing their support over her comments.
It means customers paying £25 a month for a subscription will have fewer drinks to choose from.
Constance Marten, her partner and their baby could be "absolutely anywhere in the UK", police say.
Cremations without a service are on the rise, but others say they need a funeral to deal with grief.
The Russian president gave a long address in Moscow - we've fact-checked of some his claims.
Singer Jully Black has gotten a lot of reaction for her rendition of O Canada at an NBA game.
Plymouth gunman Jake Davison had a history of violent outbursts but was granted a shotgun licence.
Designers like Julien Macdonald and Christopher Kane drew crowds and celebrity-filled front rows.
A forthcoming government white paper on gambling is expected to tighten regulation in the sector.
Most have tried to improve their admissions policies but the impact is patchy, BBC analysis finds.
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
A trial involving nearly 3,000 workers has found working shorter hours makes staff happier and healthier.
There had been talk an announcement could come on Tuesday, say Chris Mason and Jessica Parker.
Joseph Fiennes will star as the England boss in James Graham's drama about the pressure of penalties.
The pancake race in Olney, Buckinghamshire, is thought to be the world's oldest, starting in 1445.
The annual party is back in Trinidad and Tobago post-Covid but it comes amid rising gang violence.
ASML machines make computer chips - with technology so advanced the firm is caught in geopolitical rivalry.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty reflects on a chastening night for Liverpool against Real Madrid.
The decision on whether Wales' Six Nations match against England goes ahead will go down to the Wednesday deadline set by Welsh players.
A coalition of almost 200 sports governing bodies, health organisations and top athletes writes to UK prime minister Rishi Sunak asking for help.
As bombs fell, Yaroslav Amosov hid his prized belt in a basement. He thought the war meant the end of his fighting career - instead, it is the reason for his return.
Jurgen Klopp accepts it will be a 'massive challenge' to reach the Champions League quarter-finals after 'slapstick' defending in their 5-2 first-leg defeat at home to Real Madrid.
England bowler Katherine Sciver-Brunt says she is taking a lot of confidence into the semi-final of the Women's T20 World Cup against South Africa.
England post a Women's T20 World Cup record score of 213 as they beat Pakistan by 114 runs to finish the group stage unbeaten.
The officer was shot at a sports centre - reportedly multiple times - in Omagh, County Tyrone.
Blocking clubs from joining a breakaway European Super League will be among the powers held by English football's new independent regulator.
The Home Office is to scrap face-to-face interviews for asylum seekers from five countries.
On Tuesday President Putin said Moscow would suspend participation in the New Start treaty.
The 23-year-old loses her appeal on national security grounds, which means she cannot return to the UK.
The image, shot from the plane cockpit, reportedly has "legendary status" within the Pentagon
The grocers join Asda and Morrisons in limiting sales due to shortages of certain produce.
More than 40 people have been killed in landslides which hit coastal towns in Brazil's São Paulo state.
Eric R. Holder, Jr. receives 60 years to life for the murder of the Grammy-nominated rapper in LA.
Lancashire Police received a backlash for revealing personal details about the missing mother.
Authorities say the object is not a threat, but it remains the subject of much speculation.
More than 80 people also suffer bullet wounds after troops surround a house with militants inside.
Official figures reveal nearly four in 10 adults in England and Wales have never been married.
Alannah, a 27-year-old blogger from Scotland, shares her weekly spending diary.
Experts tell a House of Lords committee too many families cannot afford this "essential utility".
Lorna Acquah's search to find a rental flat was filled with long queues, bidding wars and greasy kitchens.
Jenny Pearson did not know the extent of her father's abuse until broadcaster Nicky Campbell spoke out.
Supply issues have led the grocers Tesco, Asda, Aldi and Morrisons to limit sales of fresh produce.
Beijing sees the Kremlin's war as serving a useful geopolitical purpose by confronting US influence.
How Russia's plan to overthrow Ukraine's government ended in embarrassing failure.
Scotland editor James Cook examines the fall out from Kate Forbes's comments on gay marriage.
Campanologists preparing for the King's coronation are encouraging others to take up the pursuit.
As the first anniversary of Russia's invasion nears, Newsround reporter Ricky Boleto spent a week in Ukraine to talk to children about the impact the conflict is having on them.
The four minute film is made by the studio behind Wallace and Gromit and will be shown in schools.
Singer Jully Black has gotten a lot of reaction for her rendition of O Canada at an NBA game.
New below-inflation pay rises are being recommended for nurses, teachers and police officers.
A coalition of almost 200 sports governing bodies, health organisations and top athletes writes to UK prime minister Rishi Sunak asking for help.
PlayStation has released its updated virtual reality headset for the PS5.
Thousands of pregnant Russians travel to Argentina despite having no links to the country.
John Sullivan, the former US ambassador to Russia, says talks to prevent the war were "a charade".
Manchester City pay the price for failing to make the most of their first-half dominance as they are held by RB Leipzig in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
England successfully defend the Arnold Clark Cup after a thumping victory over Belgium makes it three wins from three games in the tournament.
England name an unchanged team as they aim for a seventh successive win in the second Test against New Zealand.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says 'at the moment' he feels that his side's Champions League last-16 tie against Real Madrid is already over, after the European champions won 5-2 at Anfield.
Andy Murray continues his eventful start to the season with a notable win over Germany's Alexander Zverev to put him into the Qatar Open quarter-finals.
Wales' Six Nations match against England will go ahead on Saturday after the Welsh players decide against strike action.
Conor Benn is reinstated to the WBC rankings as it rules his failed drugs test was not 'intentional' and could have been caused be the overconsumption of eggs.
The father and daughter in disagreement over the war that killed a beloved brother and son.
A year into Russia's war, he has little to show for it but there is no sign of an end.
Most prefer to let the Kremlin get on with its war, but ignoring it means making moral compromises.
Det Ch Insp John Caldwell is critically ill after being shot multiple times in Omagh.
The resolution is approved by 141 countries, with just seven - including Russia - opposing it.
The PM will say Ukraine needs more support, at a G7 meeting to mark a year since Russia's invasion.
Dani Czernuszka suffered a permanent spinal injury when her opponent executed a "red mist" tackle.
The performance comes on the heels of her solo Super Bowl halftime show earlier this month.
Legendary commentator John Motson was "the voice of football" who "always got the mood and the occasion right", says former England striker Gary Lineker.
The former film magnate receives an additional 16 years in prison following his Los Angeles trial.
It comes after Zara Aleena's family tell of the pain caused by her murderer not being in court.
Cabinet minister says consumers should "cherish" home-grown produce as shops limit sales of some items.
The Labour leader vows to give Britain its future back if he wins power, in major policy speech.
A quarter of children in England were persistently absent last term, up from 13.1% in autumn 2019.
Manchester United come from a goal down to reach the Europa League last 16 and knock out Barcelona in the process.
David Westwood and Becky Warren say their outgoings have halved since living in a house on wheels.
Many of Friday's papers reflect on the war in Ukraine on the anniversary of Russia's invasion and the UK's fruit and veg shortages.
John Motson, who has died at the age of 77, was famed for his iconic football commentaries.
Five famous lines from iconic BBC football commentator John Motson, who has died aged 77.
Det Ch Insp John Caldwell is one of the Police Service of Northern Ireland's best-known detectives.
Two teenage female drivers say they hope the new F1 Academy will break down barriers in the sport.
Some 40% of Nigeria's voters are under 35, and many want change after years of misrule.
Australians have mixed feelings on the shoey - the stunt of drinking from a used shoe in celebration.
Has the UK had the worst decade of growth for two centuries and other claims investigated.
Innovative ways to use personal protective equipment have emerged since the Covid-19 pandemic.
Sociologist Prof Jason Arday trained as a PE teacher before turning to academia.
After a 20-year career Sania Mirza leaves an enduring legacy in sport, especially for India's women.
As crowds are kept away after damaging the poppies in 2019, a lucky few can still get a close-up view.
It's usually sunny and warm in Southern California, but area forecasters are experiencing a first
Supply issues have led the grocers Tesco, Asda, Aldi and Morrisons to limit sales of fresh produce.
Visiting a community reeling from a train crash, Mr Trump takes a dig at Joe Biden's visit to Ukraine.
The traditional game in Derbyshire has been played nearly every year since at least 1667.
Numerous Ukrainian sportspeople signed up to fight after Russia invaded a year ago. Not all those who swapped the sports field for the battlefield have survived the conflict.
Watch highlights as defending champions Australia beat India by five runs to reach their seventh consecutive Women's T20 World Cup final.
Australia captain Meg Lanning says their five-run win over India was one of their best, but did Harmanpreet Kaur's side gift them the victory?
John Motson talks to Dan Walker and Mark Lawrenson about his long career as a football commentator.
Legendary BBC Sport commentator John Motson recalls a classic interview from 1979, in which a prickly Brian Clough gave a young Motty a hard time.
Legendary commentator John Motson speaks to Dan Roan in 2017 after announcing his BBC career was coming to an end.
How Russia's plan to overthrow Ukraine's government ended in embarrassing failure.
As the first anniversary of Russia's invasion nears, Newsround reporter Ricky Boleto spent a week in Ukraine to talk to children about the impact the conflict is having on them.
The father and daughter in disagreement over the war that killed a beloved brother and son.
A year into Russia's war, he has little to show for it but there is no sign of an end.
Beijing's call for a Ukraine war ceasefire shows China is "preparing to take part", Ukraine's leader says.
Saturday's meeting between the King and Ursula von der Leyen has been cancelled due to operational reasons.
Steve Rosenberg looks at why Vladimir Putin set sail in a storm of his own making a year ago.
The money will go on operational costs like security and visas for the show, being held in Liverpool.
Det Ch Insp John Caldwell is critically ill after being attacked in front of his son at a sports club.
Former athletes tell of mistreatment at clubs across England, with allegations stretching back more than a decade.
The Scottish presenter will host his final show next week, after 31 years in the role.
Christie Harnett, Emily Moore and a third person died while under the care of a mental health trust.
Kent apple growers say rising costs mean they can no longer afford to continue growing the fruit.
Abdul and Mohammed Ahmed Rabbani were arrested in Pakistan in 2002. They were never charged by the US.
There is no evidence bird flu will start spreading between people but experts are preparing for any scenario.
The former journalist served as press secretary throughout Baroness Thatcher's 11 years as prime minister.
The Emmy-winning show's creator Jesse Armstrong says it feels like the right time for it to end.
As prices rise, are there cheaper places than home to work or study?
The West may come away unimpressed - but convincing them was never likely the main goal for Beijing.
Is Jake Paul v Tommy Fury just entertainment or proper boxing and what does Fury gain by fighting the YouTuber-turned-boxer?
The party, with its garish outfits and garish policies, has become part of British political tradition.
UFC fighter Molly McCann discusses the journey she's been on to discover and embrace her sexuality, and how MMA gave her the courage to be herself.
Five refugees who left Ukraine and moved to London reflect on how their lives have changed.
Venus, Jupiter and the Moon were aligned and could be seen with the naked eye on Wednesday night
For decades people have been walking past a hidden gem at number 23 Fettes Row in Edinburgh.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The BBC tracks the issues facing Nigerians as the country chooses a new president on 25 February.
Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney are named in the squad for the club's US debut this summer.
Repair firm says there is no industry standard training for fixing smartphones and other devices.
Many of Friday's papers reflect on the war in Ukraine on the anniversary of Russia's invasion and the UK's fruit and veg shortages.
A cross-border romance turned tragic after Mulayam from India was arrested and Iqra deported.
Shrimp farming has been criticised for causing environmental damage - can tech clean it up?
Chelsea boss Graham Potter says he and his family have received anonymous death threats following the club's poor run of form.
England were heavy favourites against South Africa but lost their Women's T20 World Cup semi-final - where did it go wrong?
South Africa's Tazmin Brits takes a "sensational" catch to dismiss Alice Capsey for a duck at the Women's T20 World Cup.
After another turbulent week for Welsh rugby, the side is ready to let off some steam against a rebuilding England.
Substitute Manor Solomon scores for the third consecutive game as European hopefuls Fulham fight back to claim a Premier League draw against Wolves.
Ceremonies are taking place across the world to mark the anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion.
Jeremy Bowen catches up with two Ukrainian students who chose to fight when Russia's invasion began.
On 24 February 2022, Vladimir Putin sent troops into Ukraine, hoping to take over the country in a matter of days.
A year into Russia's war, he has little to show for it but there is no sign of an end.
The prime minister says no agreement has been made but he is hopeful of a "positive outcome".
A 71-year-old man is the latest person to be detained in connection with the attack.
A deal on NI post-Brexit rules is close - but can Rishi Sunak push it through?
They reproduce a mural by the UK graffiti artist on a Ukrainian house devastated by Russian shelling.
She has accepted an apology from Sir Keir Starmer over the party's handling of antisemitism claims.
The 3.7 magnitude quake - south Wales' largest in five years - is felt by people in Birmingham.
Beijing and Moscow both declined to accept phrasing that deplored Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
The Prince of Wales joked about a "tense drive home" before the match between England and Wales.
Suspected gang members are pictured in a huge new jail, part of El Salvador's "war on crime".
England heap more misery on troubled Wales with a scrappy Six Nations victory in Cardiff.
The tightest presidential poll in decades has been marked by delays and scattered reports of violence.
The boy is accused of attempted murder after a teenager was attacked in Bournemouth.
Many of Sunday's papers look at Rishi Sunak's negotiations with Brussels over a new Brexit deal for Northern Ireland.
Entertainment reporter Sophie van Brugen talks us through the items she can't live without.
One man's bid to learn the secrets of the endangered frog that grows to the size of a domestic cat.
The comedian on her first tour, ableism and the fall-out from her Question Time appearance.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
It offers a glimpse of a ship that sank with a future king on board, killing hundreds of people.
A low-key British animation studio created the models for Guillermo del Toro's acclaimed Pinocchio.
Even the most cautious officials are whispering that this time an agreement could be in sight.
Manchester United and Newcastle aim to secure the first piece of silverware available this season in Sunday's Carabao Cup final at Wembley.
Keely Hodgkinson, Dina Asher-Smith & Neil Gourley break British records at the World Indoor Tour Final in Birmingham.
Watch highlights as England beat Wales 20-10 in the Six Nations to earn their first win in Cardiff since 2017.
Ukraine's Yaroslav Amosov produces a masterclass against Logan Storley to retain his welterweight title in Dublin at Bellator 291.
The Premier League title race is shaping up to be an exciting run-in after Arsenal and Manchester City's latest away victories.
Orla Guerin reports from Vuhledar, an eastern Ukrainian town Russia is desperate to capture.
A year into Russia's war, he has little to show for it but there is no sign of an end.
Nearly half of nations that abstained from a UN vote condemning the war were from the continent.
Western leaders may be unimpressed - but convincing them was never likely the main goal for Beijing.
Recharge Industries will pay £4bn for Britishvolt, the start-up that collapsed in January.
The EU's Ursula von der Leyen will be in the UK on Monday for face-to-face talks with PM Rishi Sunak.
Twelve children, including a baby, were among those who died after their boat broke apart in stormy seas.
Sir Keir Starmer says that without new policies, living standards will fall below those in eastern Europe.
Tommy Fury beats Jake Paul by split decision in arguably the most anticipated eight-round contest in boxing history.
The Healthcare Safety Investigation Branch says rising work pressure is a risk for staff and patients.
The government's pilot scheme aims to get more Universal Credit claimants into employment.
As rare talks were held in Jordan, a Palestinian gunman killed two Israelis in the occupied West Bank.
Ofgem's price cap will mean the cost to the government for energy support will be less than initially thought.
The first two of Nigeria's 36 states announce the results of Saturday's tightly contested elections.
Police investigating attempted murder of Det Ch Insp John Caldwell given extension to question man, 43.
Some may quit NHS contracts over threats of fines, costs and paper work, dentists warn.
The PM's in-person meeting with Ursula von der Leyen over a new Brexit deal for Northern Ireland dominates many of Monday's front pages.
Beyoncé, Doja Cat and Sam Smith are some of the artists Ukrainian Ivan Frolov has designed for.
An organisation is scaling up its attempts to solve the world's marine plastic waste problem.
The star says the music industry has changed dramatically since he was "outed" while on American Idol.
Councils will soon be offering secondary school places to children in England and Wales.
The BBC gets rare access to a renowned airman and his ageing helicopter during a low-flying mission.
Using AI technology, the latest weeding systems can automatically find and spray individual weeds.
Alex Murdaugh's trial for the killing of his wife and son has uncovered fraud, drug abuse and a suicide plot.
A revived post-Covid party scene offers space to unwind in the socially conservative city-state.
Volunteers are uncovering the lives of former patients of the Somerset and Bath Pauper Lunatic Asylum.
How green is the green lane, will Stormont have a say and what about online shopping?
The deadly earthquakes in Turkey and Syria are having a devastating impact on people's mental health.
The Berlinale is showcasing films on violence, sexual freedom, and unconventional love.
Sophie Buchaillard lives in hope that she will one day find out what happened to her friend.
British number one Cameron Norrie beats Carlos Alcaraz in a thrilling Rio Open final, just seven days after losing to the Spaniard in the final of the Argentina Open.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty reflects on Manchester United's first major trophy since 2017.
Watch highlights as France keep their Six Nations title hopes alive with a hard-fought 32-21 win over Scotland in Paris.
Scotland put in their "best performance of the season" against France, according to head coach Gregor Townsend, but small margins mean their Grand Slam hopes are over.
Celtic manager Ange Postecoglou has his sights on a "special season" after his side beat Rangers for Viaplay Cup success.
Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes says "we want more and need more" trophies after the 2-0 Carabao Cup final win over Newcastle United.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Jason Mohammad, Gary Cahill and Glenn Murray analyse Tottenham's "professional" & "disciplined" 2-0 victory over Chelsea in the Premier League.
The PM says the agreement for Northern Ireland is a breakthrough, as many Tory MPs express support.
What does the new Windsor Framework agreement between the UK and the EU include?
Buckingham Palace said the King's meeting with Ursula von der Leyen at Windsor was on government advice.
The shooting happened after Israeli settlers attacked Palestinian villages on Sunday night.
False claims that the war in Ukraine is a hoax have been shared online as the country marked the first anniversary of Russia's full-scale invasion.
The suspension, from 14 March, comes after a Russian missile crossed Moldovan skies.
The controversial influencer and his brother Tristan will remain in custody until 29 March.
Dissident republican group the New IRA has admitted it shot Det Ch Insp John Caldwell in Omagh.
The late Sir Terry Pratchett wrote for a regional newspaper under a pseudonym in the 1970s and 80s.
Twitter's CEO accused US media of racism after multiple newspapers dropped the popular cartoon.
Keighley Road in Bradford remains closed following a crash involving two police cars.
Argentina and Paris St-Germain forward Lionel Messi is named the 2022 men's player of the year at the Best Fifa Awards.
The energy bill support package will continue after April, but will be less generous.
Each week a different cook delivers hot jacket potatoes to their neighbours in Walthamstow.
Adele, Lizzo and Bassett herself all pay tribute to Ariana DeBose's viral rap at the Bafta Awards.
The colourful and much respected Commons Speaker fought to maintain the traditions of Parliament.
Residents in the occupied West Bank area tell the BBC a mob went on an hours-long rampage.
After Squid Game comes the hit survival-of-the-fittest reality show Physical 100.
The story of Russia's rapid advance in southern Ukraine, told by the people who managed to stop it.
Investigation finds more than a third of services are giving misleading information or unethical advice.
Teachers in the biggest unions in England, Scotland and Wales are striking over pay.
Using AI technology, the latest weeding systems can automatically find and spray individual weeds.
Zendaya is among the stars posing for photographers at the Screen Actors Guild Awards in Los Angeles.
The BBC gets rare access to a renowned airman and his ageing helicopter during a low-flying mission.
Beyoncé, Doja Cat and Sam Smith are some of the artists Ukrainian Ivan Frolov has designed for.
England manager Sarina Wiegman is named women's coach of the year at the 2022 Best Fifa Awards, while Spain's Alexia Putellas﻿ is the women's player of the year.
16-year-old Mia Brookes wins gold to become Great Britain's first snowboard slopestyle world champion, landing the first ever Cab 1440 in a women's event in the process.
Two-time Olympic boxing champion Nicola Adams wants women and girls to "get active" as she helps launch the 'This Girl Can With You' initiative.
Watch the best moments from week three of the Six Nations, including a cheeky moment for England full-back Freddie Steward.
How heavy metal and a motorhome set Great Britain's Mia Brookes, 16, on the path to becoming snowboard's youngest ever world champion.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on Paul Olima and Adele Nicoll from Go Hard or Go Home to make predictions for this week's FA Cup fifth-round ties and Premier League games.
The Brexit deal for Northern Ireland has been a source of political tension.
Rishi Sunak hails the "breakthrough" agreement in a joint speech with EU chief Ursula von der Leyen.
The Irish government will hope the UK can now sell it to the DUP, writes our Dublin correspondent.
The Windsor Framework goes further than many had expected, says one trade body.
Police say Constance Marten and Mark Gordon's missing baby may have "come to harm".
Police have been granted more time to question two men over the attack in Omagh on 22 February.
A doctor tells jurors he wished he had bypassed hospital management and gone to the police.
Rishi Sunak addresses his MPs in an attempt to win support for his new deal on Northern Ireland.
The supermarket giant plans to shut two of the Argos sites over the next three years.
Since Sean Dilley shared the story of his retiring guide dog, some 4,500 volunteers have come forward.
A drone that crashed in the Moscow region was targeting infrastructure, the regional governor said.
The case sparked a heated debate over whether Bryson should be held in a male or a female prison.
The Princess of Wales is awarded a golden trophy after winning the race at a leisure centre.
Some 33,000 civil servants will join 100,000 of their colleagues taking strike action on 15 March.
The captain dimmed the lights and made a 360-degree turn so passengers could see the display.
The cabinet minister says the measure could help restore an "ethic of responsibility".
The sighting of the Arctic animal was made off Mull by a creel fisherman.
TikToker Pavlina has had a re-education in Wales after mistakenly thinking it was in England.
The K-pop superstars are among major acts that have returned as pandemic restrictions ease.
Molly Smith, 19, hopes her podcast about eating disorders can break down stigmas and misconceptions.
Eli Crossley, who has muscular dystrophy, explains now new technology is helping in his daily life.
Can the influencer lifestyle last forever when it clashes with your culture, community and faith?
Sausage producer Heck, garden centre Hillmount and Wilson's Country potato growers express their "delight".
Delia Barry's knitwear for Banshees of Inisherin has featured in Vogue, but she says "they're just jumpers".
The life of a young Mormon missionary trying to bring others into the religion.
For 27-year-old Amy, the prospect of getting a job closer to where she lives is near impossible.
Calls in the US for a ban on TikTok have reignited the global debate about its cybersecurity risks.
A fox and badger were filmed having a stand-off over food left out in someone's garden.
The government hopes a new type of power station will help it meet is climate change targets.
The euphoric contingent of Blackburn's travelling fans are now dreaming of a trip to Wembley after a deserved 2-1 victory at Leicester took their side into the quarter-finals.
Phil Foden says he feels "100% fit" as his double sends Manchester City past Bristol City into the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Watch highlights as Fulham score two spectacular goals to defeat Leeds 2-0 and reach the quarter-finals of the FA Cup for the first time since 2010.
Even in defeat, England threw another party in honour of Test cricket in Wellington - now the Ashes countdown is on, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Watch highlights as Championship side Blackburn Rovers cause an FA Cup fifth round upset by stunning Premier League Leicester City.
Fulham score two spectacular goals to reach the quarter-finals of the FA Cup for the first time since 2010 as Leeds taste defeat under Javi Gracia for the first time.
Michael Vaughan and Azeem Rafiq are due to appear at a hearing into the Yorkshire racism scandal, which starts on Wednesday.
What does the new Windsor Framework agreement between the UK and the EU include?
The Brexit deal for Northern Ireland has been a source of political tension.
The Northern Ireland secretary hails "an amazing achievement" after seven years which "cost me my mental health".
This part of the new Brexit deal aims to give NI politicians a greater say over how EU laws apply.
Rishi Sunak hails the "breakthrough" agreement in a joint speech with EU chief Ursula von der Leyen.
Constance Marten and Mark Gordon remain in custody on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter.
The parents of a 16-year-old girl who died after "shocking and prolonged" neglect have been jailed.
At least 43 people died in the head-on collision between a passenger service and freight train.
It was earlier reported that the home, in Windsor, had been offered to Prince Andrew.
The flowers, which can be poisonous if eaten, were spotted on display alongside spring onions.
The journalist says the former health secretary is "troubled" by the publication of his messages.
Ministers in England came under pressure after Scotland introduced face coverings in schools.
At least 26 schools in five cities are affected by another wave of apparent toxic gas attacks.
The 21-year-old has amassed 300,000 subscribers, after a month-long 'subathon' to increase viewers.
He accepted it might be seen as special treatment but said it allowed him to get back to work sooner.
Deputy party chair Lee Anderson says "our garden was our foodbank" when he grew up in a mining town.
Earlier diagnoses and more special school places are part of reforms to England's system of support.
More than 50,000 people died when earthquakes shook southern Turkey and northern Syria last month.
Aaron, a 33-year-old DJ from east London, shares his weekly spending diary.
As the government's energy support ends, we talk to those who are struggling with costs.
Reaction to the publication of Matt Hancock's texts and the ongoing royal rift lead the papers.
Passengers smashed windows to escape burning carriages after two trains collided in central Greece.
Campaigners say it is a scandal people who commit sexual offences can lawfully change their names.
The publication of Matt Hancock's messages focuses attention on what happened in care homes during the pandemic.
The claim Covid-19 leaked from a Chinese laboratory dates from early in the pandemic. Here's what we know.
Kelly Brewster, from South Yorkshire, was among those killed at the May 2017 Ariana Grande concert.
Canadian Pavlina has had a re-education in Wales after mistakenly thinking it was in England.
The patron saint of Wales was a teetotal vegetarian who was born in a storm.
At least 43 people have died after two trains collided in northern Greece - here's what we know about the incident.
Councils are offering secondary school places to children in England and Wales on Wednesday.
Arsenal's loss to Manchester City felt like a defining moment in the season - but they have responded magnificently, says chief football writer Phil McNulty.
One of the biggest upsets in FA Cup history? League Two side Grimsby stun Premier League strugglers Southampton to reach the quarter-finals.
Former England bowler Tim Bresnan used a racial slur towards Azeem Rafiq's sister, a hearing into allegations of racism at Yorkshire is told.
Watch highlights as League Two side Grimsby reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time in 84 years by beating Southampton.
Tottenham assistant coach Cristian Stellini says there are no regrets about starting Harry Kane on the bench in Wednesday's surprise FA Cup fifth-round defeat by Championship side Sheffield United.
Grimsby manager Paul Hurst and goal scorer Gavan Holohan pay tribute to the Town's 4.000 travelling supporters, and their inflatable fish, who created a raucous atmosphere as the League Two side make history.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag praises club captain Harry Maguire's "really high" skill level as his side beat West Ham to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals
The security service missed a chance that might have stopped the Manchester attack, an inquiry finds.
Constance Marten and Mark Gordon have been charged after a baby's remains were found in woodland.
The app has been banned from employee phones by various governments amid security concerns.
Journalist Isabel Oakeshott says it was in the "national interest" to publish ex-health secretary's texts.
The BBC's Jonathan Blake examines why the former health secretary's Covid communications are in the spotlight.
Scotland's transport minister says an arm's length company will take over the franchise on 25 June.
Sources in the energy industry say some firms have already priced in support for bills continuing.
A coroner tells the BBC that DNA has been collected from 57 bodies, as rail workers strike over the disaster.
The senior civil servant led an investigation into Covid lockdown gatherings in Downing Street.
The musician, who had been in hospital for the past three months, died on Thursday morning.
Officials suspect the victim was infected after rinsing their nasal sinuses with public tap water.
Kyiv denies Moscow's claim that Ukrainian saboteurs fired at civilians in a Russian border village.
The club has since deleted the post which featured disabled TV personality Harvey Price.
Many people have claimed Brexit is to blame for the UK tomato shortage - what is the evidence?
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Despite setbacks, robotaxi services from Cruise and Waymo are making progress, but will they make money?
Who and what radicalised Salman Abedi into indiscriminately killing so many people in his home city?
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex no longer receive any funding from the Royal Family.
US agencies cannot agree on how the pandemic started, with the scientific community bitterly divided.
The Ironton yields a secret, jealously guarded until now by the deep, about the sailors' demise.
Mental health gyms devoted to brain exercises like meditation and journaling are popping up across the US.
Multimillionaire investor Vivek Ramaswamy is a surprise candidate in the race - how might he fare?
Philip Loveday follows in his grandmother's footsteps to snap London's famous landmarks 70 years on.
Writer Sofia Akel is encouraging more people to read by giving out free books to those who can't afford them.
Articles critical of powerful African oil lobbyists are being targeted by false copyright claims.
Azeem Rafiq says he "clearly" recalls Michael Vaughan making an alleged racist comment in 2009 despite discrepancies in his evidence.
An own goal from Eder Militao gives disciplined Barcelona victory at Real Madrid in the first leg of their Copa del Rey semi-final.
In September 1933, Hamburg team-mates Asbjorn Halvorsen and Otto Harder bid each other farewell. They ended up on opposite sides of a concentration camp fence.
Lewis Hamilton is resigned to a difficult start to the Formula 1 season with his Mercedes team lagging behind champions Red Bull.
A decision to switch the expanded 48-team World Cup in 2026 back to four-team groups is set to be made later this month.
Keely Hodgkinson starts the defence of her 800m European title by winning her first heat at Atakoy Arena in Istanbul.
The ex-health secretary's pandemic text messages have been published by a newspaper - here are eight.
What does the row between Matt Hancock and the reporter who leaked his WhatsApp messages reveal about how journalism works?
The move had huge costs - socially, emotionally and academically, so could schools have been kept open?
The journalist released WhatsApps she obtained while working on the former health secretary's book.
The anti-lockdown, pro-Brexit journalist finds herself at the centre of a political row - not for the first time.
The then education secretary appears to question teachers' work ethic in leaked pandemic texts.
The ex-health secretary's spokesman says leaked messages have been "doctored to create a false story".
The former health secretary asked if another minister could emphasise that "no rules have been broken", leaked messages show.
Boris Johnson insists he did nothing wrong and will be "vindicated" by an inquiry into his conduct.
NHS bosses criticise pay demand for consultants to provide emergency care during junior doctors' walkout.
A judge calls the double murder case "one of the most troubling" as he hands down two life sentences.
The more I heard at the Arena inquiry, the more it reminded me of Hillsborough - writes Judith Moritz
A new version of sacred oil to be used at the King's coronation has been consecrated in Jerusalem.
The US president's doctor says all cancerous tissue was successfully removed in February.
The BBC understands the Energy Price Guarantee is expected to continue at current levels for three months.
Constance Marten, 35, and Mark Gordon, 48, are charged with manslaughter of a baby called Victoria.
The Isle of Innisfree was sailing to France when fire broke out in its engine room, Irish Ferries says.
The reality TV contestant shared footage of himself and Georgia Harrison on OnlyFans.
Argentina has broken a co-operation deal and is calling for talks over the sovereignty of the Falklands.
Lewis Hamilton is given permission to wear a nose stud while racing despite a ban on Formula 1 drivers wearing jewellery in their car.
The phrase "bills included" rises up the list of renters' search terms, but few landlords offer it.
The government will reveal how much of our money it will take in taxes and what it will spend it on.
If the limited veg availability has left your meal plans looking shaky, here are some ideas for reliable, always plentiful and simple to prep vegetables to fall back on.
The energy bill support package will continue after April, but will be less generous.
Hundreds of students have fallen ill with similar symptoms - but what is making them sick?
Is there a minimum amount of exercise you can do to stay fit and healthy?
Children starting Year 7 in England and Wales in September 2023 have been offered school places.
A selection of powerful images from around the world, taken in the past seven days.
The incumbent premier Li Keqiang will give way to a Xi loyalist at an annual meeting of lawmakers.
Government reforms to "fundamentally unfair" system can't come soon enough for these home owners.
Hundreds of thousands are emigrating with many leaving their children behind with relatives.
The French president is back in Africa trying to fend off challenges from Russia and China.
People have been sentenced to death for less than this double murder, the judge told the convicted killer.
Fernando Alonso rejects the idea that he could start the Bahrain Grand Prix from pole position despite setting the pace in Friday practice.
Forward Roberto Firmino will leave Liverpool after eight years when his contract expires at the end of the season.
Leeds Rhinos stun champions St Helens, who have Konrad Hurrell sent off, with a late drop-goal winner from Blake Austin.
BBC Sport looks back at all 18 of David Beckham's goals from free kicks in the Premier League as Southampton's James Ward-Prowse looks to equal his record.
Adrianna Sulek sets a new pentathlon world record with a brilliant 800m run, only to see Nafissatou Thiam break it and win gold when she crosses the line six seconds later at the European Indoor Championships.
The city has seen months of intense fighting - despite its strategic value being questioned.
In a conversation about grief, the Duke of Sussex says he and his mother Diana felt a disconnect from other royals.
The rise is below the rate of inflation but campaigners want reforms due to unreliable services.
Old problems have resurfaced, and none of them were in the prime minister's carefully designed script.
People in England and Wales will get served for an extra two hours to mark King Charles III's coronation.
The Met Office says snow and ice are expected on Monday and Tuesday, and could cause travel delays.
The ex-health secretary said a video of the kissing "did not make enjoyable viewing", texts show.
Hundreds living nearby are evacuated after the fire and explosion at a fuel depot in Jakarta.
Kylian Mbappe scores a club-record 201st goal for Paris St-Germain in an entertaining win over Nantes in Ligue 1.
The Uruguayan also worked on Tokyo's International Forum and Manchester City's training ground.
Companies House said it could strike off the bakery after it missed a deadline to file accounts.
Police reveal details of an undercover operation that began off the coast of South America.
As rail fares increase, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
The government's plan to stop small boats crossing the Channel and Prince Harry's latest interview leads the papers.
Abortion may finally be legal in Argentina, but social attitudes in some areas are making it hard for women to exercise their rights.
Adjusting to life in America is difficult for Afghan women who used to be journalists.
The Eurovision Song Contest will be broadcast live from Liverpool on 13 May.
Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden on navigating the industry while managing Crohn's disease.
The WPL is a big money game - will it help to change the face of professional cricket worldwide?
MOTD pundit Danny Murphy says fourth-place is everything to Liverpool now, which is why Sunday's game at Anfield is more important for his former club than it is for Manchester United.
Fernando Alonso says qualifying fifth ahead of both Mercedes cars in his first race for Aston Martin felt "too good to be true".
Arsenal have won games late this season - but there has been nothing like the drama of Reiss Nelson's late stunner against Bournemouth and the scenes of jubilation that followed.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker, Ian Wright and Danny Murphy discuss Reiss Nelson's "unbelievable strike" against Bournemouth and its importance in their Premier League season.
Rory McIlroy and Tyrrell Hatton both close in on the lead following impressive third rounds at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
Watch Arsenal legend and Match of the Day pundit Ian Wright's reaction to Reiss Nelson's 97th-minute winner for the Gunners against Bournemouth in the Premier League.
Tom Pidcock becomes the first British men's winner of the prestigious Strade Bianche one-day classic in Italy.
Current and former employees of the company say there are serious ramifications from mass lay-offs.
Anyone coming to the UK on a small boat will be removed to Rwanda or another country, under new laws.
Duke and Duchess of Sussex will not say if they plan to attend after receiving an email from the Palace.
Dozens of people, including the deputy prime minister himself, have now given evidence to the inquiry.
Train carriages, volleyball courts and public roads - families now find shelter wherever they can.
Met Office yellow weather warnings are in force, with disruption to travel and other activities possible.
Kelly Pendry's symptoms were initially dismissed as normal post-pregnancy periods.
BBC correspondent Sonja Jessup asks Bear if he had an apology for Ms Harrison ahead of his sentencing.
Troops are likely engaging in hand-to-hand combat in Ukraine, Britain's defence ministry says.
Production of some of the chocolate is moving outside Switzerland so the Alpine peak can no longer be used.
Judy Thomas tells the BBC she struggled to get information from tech firms after her teenage daughter died.
Research into a vase in Colchester reportedly provides the "only evidence" of such fights staged in Britain.
Liverpool hit seven goals past old rivals Manchester United in a rout as Mohamed Salah becomes their leading Premier League goalscorer.
Heidi is one of many students who say the rising cost of living is affecting their studies.
The BBC goes inside a Seychelles' jail to see the sharp end of a problem threatening the country.
The short film contender sees two brothers reunite as they try to come to terms with their mum's death.
It's tempting to draw comparisons between the two styles - but how similar are they?
Adjusting to life in America is difficult for Afghan women who used to be journalists.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty reflects on Liverpool's 7-0 thrashing of Manchester United.
Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson defends her 800m title in style before team captain Jazmin Sawyers wins a stunning long jump gold at the European Indoor Championships in Istanbul.
Pundits hold nothing back in their assessment of Manchester United's performance in Sunday's 7-0 defeat at Liverpool, describing it as a "disgrace" and a "shambles".
Match of the Day 2's Troy Deeney, Micah Richards and Mark Chapman discuss how Liverpool's "wonderful" front three dominated during their 7-0 win against Manchester United.
Arsenal have been made to wait to taste success again - but they rolled back the years with Sunday's victory over Chelsea to lift the League Cup.
Rory McIlroy misses out on victory by one shot at the Arnold Palmer Invitational as Kurt Kitayama keeps his composure to secure victory.
Tributes are paid to three people who were found dead in a crashed car days after going missing.
The Met Police apologises for not arresting Wayne Couzens sooner before he murdered Sarah Everard.
The president says the embattled eastern city's defence goes on, and that senior generals back the move.
Charles Bronson says he has had "more porridge than Goldilocks and the Three Bears" while in prison.
The nature presenter returns to TV screens to explore natural history in Britain and Ireland.
Rishi Sunak has asked to be judged on tackling Channel crossings but there are no easy solutions.
Nitrous oxide, known as laughing gas, is the second most-used drug in the UK among 16 to 24-year-olds.
Met Office yellow weather warnings are in force, with disruption to travel and other activities possible.
Quiet-spoken centre-leftist Kemal Kilicdaroglu is chosen by the opposition to run for president.
Iran's supreme leaders says anyone found to have targeted schoolgirls must be punished severely.
Police are asked to examine whether Scotland's prison service has corporate responsibility over the death of Allan Marshall.
A former Mexican beauty queen and her partner stole 45 bottles of wine from a luxury Spanish hotel.
Heidi is one of many students who say the rising cost of living is affecting their studies.
Plans to end migrant Channel crossings and claims the ex-PM wants his father to be knighted lead the papers.
Regulations were updated after an outcry over gene-edited babies but a leading expert says they don't go far enough.
The BBC goes inside a jail in the Seychelles - a nation where 10% of the population is addicted.
Train carriages, volleyball courts and public roads - families now find shelter wherever they can.
Long waits for surgery mean more people are using savings or loans to pay for private treatment.
There are many similarities between the two industries, famed for their melodramatic, over-the-top romances.
The 70-year-old, who is due to face a public Parole Board hearing, was first jailed in the 1970s.
The government will reveal how much of our money it will take in taxes and what it will spend it on.
Chris Sutton believes Bruno Fernandes should not captain Manchester United again following Sunday's humiliating 7-0 defeat by Liverpool.
Ice is the glue that holds Will Gadd's sport together. As the world heats up, it is falling apart.
With seven months until they defend their 50-over World Cup crown in India, we look at the questions England still need to answer.
A superbly run club, an inspirational manager and a talismanic forward, BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty assesses Brentford's European aspirations
Boxer Conor Benn says he felt "suicidal" in the aftermath of failing two drug tests last year.
Euro 2022 winner Jill Scott will captain England in the Soccer Aid charity football match against a World XI, led by Usain Bolt, at Old Trafford in June.
The prime minister says he is confident the government would win any legal battles over its new law.
The government has unveiled sweeping changes to asylum rules - but admits they may never come into force.
The announcement follows a new pay offer to the union - but other staff are still set to walk out.
The appetite suppressing drug, favoured by Hollywood celebrities, makes people feel fuller.
A New York Times report says US officials believe a pro-Ukrainian group was behind last year's blasts.
Graham Potter enjoys his finest night as Chelsea manager as they overcome a first-leg deficit against Borussia Dortmund to reach the Champions League quarter-finals.
Thomas Cashman is accused of shooting dead nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel in her Liverpool home.
Josh from Romford goes through all the emotions to get tickets for this year's contest, but was he successful?
Kate Forbes, Humza Yousaf and Ash Regan clash in the first SNP leadership TV debate.
Snow covers Scotland and northern England as a cold snap sweeps across the country.
"Huge" school absences when "mum and dad are at home", England's children's commissioner says.
The PM says civil service chief is doing a "great job" amid claims he has become too political.
The plaintiffs said they were denied healthcare as they faced grave risks to themselves and their foetus.
The government's asylum plans and Gary Lineker's comparison of them to 30s Germany lead the papers.
The failure of the second-stage engine sets back efforts to crack a market led by Elon Musk's Space X.
Some take precautions to avoid being targeted by criminals, like changing their car's licence plate.
Male students return after the winter break, a painful reminder to women of their shrinking world.
How did the high priest of Japanese pop, Johnny Kitagawa, exploit teenage boys with impunity for so long?
Ukraine is trying to rehabilitate thousands of soldiers left with life-changing war wounds.
A new assessment of Britain's research capability concludes it has "serious and longstanding problems".
Some young asylum seekers who have disappeared from hotels are being exploited by criminals.
Perfect pairings such as Zendaya and Paul Mescal have been among several great Hollywood moments.
The delay in sending aid to Syrian victims of last month's quake was unjustified, experts say.
The unusual companions from India's Uttar Pradesh state spend hours together every day.
Graham Potter needed a performance against Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League and he got it with the Blues' best display under the ex-Brighton boss.
England captain Leah Williamson welcomes a government package worth more than £600m which aims to create equal school sport opportunities for girls.
Michael Vaughan's lawyer says the ECB investigation into whether the former England captain made an alleged racist comment in 2009 was "woefully inadequate".
When the Taliban seized power in 2021, Yulduz and Fariba Hashimi faced a choice; leave behind their family or leave behind their sporting dreams.
Courtney Lawes will miss England's Six Nations match against France on Saturday with a shoulder injury but Marcus Smith is in the squad.
British number one Emma Raducanu pulls out of a charity exhibition event before her opening match at Indian Wells.
High flying Gunners Bukayo Saka and Eddie Nketiah learn all about each other as they face the Football Focus Honesty Cards.
The prime minister's aim is clear, but can the Illegal Migration Bill work?
The home secretary says she is "confident” the bill to cut the number of boats crossing the Channel with asylum seekers is “compatible with international obligations”.
The number of people claiming asylum in the UK rose sharply in 2022.
The UK PM addresses reporters about new plans to crack down on people crossing the Channel in small boats.
New plans to tackle small-boat crossings have been set out by the home secretary.
Why are Albanian migrants coming to the UK and how many have arrived?
The Met Office warns up to 40cm of snow could fall in the Peak District and Pennines from Thursday.
The Match of the Day host was criticised for tweets he posted about the government's new asylum plan.
Man is held on suspicion of malicious communications offences and perverting the course of justice.
Princess Lilibet Diana, who turns two in June, was christened at the couple's LA home last week.
British Olympian Abi Burton was wrongly sectioned for 26 days and spent 25 days in an induced coma; this is her story.
A theory that the kidnapping of four Americans was a case of mistaken identity gains strength.
Researchers have created eggs from the cells of male mice, raising the prospect of male couples having their own children.
Identified as abusing protesters by a BBC investigation, the two officers are sanctioned by the EU.
The prime minister clashed with Sir Keir Starmer over how to tackle migration at Prime Minister's Questions.
Dominic Raab served as deputy prime minister and foreign secretary under Boris Johnson.
Elle Edwards, 26, was shot in the head while celebrating with friends at a pub on Christmas Eve.
A coroner writes to the defence secretary after a veteran used his retirement gift to kill a couple.
"It's so quiet in here," the host says as an out-of-control car swerves into shot behind him.
A florist in Slough warned now is not the time to scale back support with energy bills.
Ruth, a 33-year-old jewellery designer from Birmingham, shares her weekly spending diary.
The BBC's health and science correspondent undergoes an experiment to find out how a cold home affects him.
As rail fares increase, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
Uni students who are estranged from their families say they often struggle to get a rent guarantor.
Plans to attract workers from abroad and the christening of the Sussexes' daughter lead the papers.
Will new legislation aimed at cutting numbers crossing the Channel have an impact?
Lionesses and Arsenal defender Lotte Wubben-Moy reflects on the importance of the government's school sports pledge.
Zoe Beaty felt ignored when she reported a flasher - but later learnt the man was a serial offender.
How the presenter's remarks, comparing UK asylum policy to 1930s Germany, place the BBC in a pickle.
Quirky coincidences and possible record breakers from this year's Academy Award nominations.
A former romance scammer reveals the tactics used to lure victims, in a new BBC investigation.
It's a celebration of love and new beginnings, but also an excuse to throw paint at each other.
The BBC reports from the family courts as part of a pilot to improve transparency in the justice system.
A 20-year survey of plants shows how agriculture and climate change is affecting UK flora.
Sheila Noble was delighted to finally find out what lay behind the blue door at number three Morningside Park in Edinburgh.
It took years for Pippa Woolven to be diagnosed with Red-S. Now she works to raise awareness of the condition.
A BBC Monitoring investigation has found hundreds of reinstated accounts on Twitter promoting abuse and misinformation.
Antonio Conte's Tottenham crash out of the Champions League against AC Milan, and with another trophyless season on the cards it appears his tenure is coming to an end.
Celtic must better utilise Kyogo Furuhashi's talents, says manager Ange Postecoglou, despite the striker taking his season's tally to 25 goals in the comeback win over Hearts.
Paris St-Germain's latest Champions League failure means it could be time to change their approach and try something new.
Arsenal return to WSL action after winning the League Cup with a comfortable victory over Liverpool.
Watch Women's Super League highlights as Chelsea dominate Brighton to win 3-1 and move one point behind leaders Manchester United.
Michael Beale says Rangers could have scored eight goals as they produced their best attacking display of his tenure to blow away Hibernian in the Scottish Premiership.
Women's Super League clubs need to do more to help players who have babies, says Chelsea manager Emma Hayes.
In a country with just two women in its cabinet, Satoko Kishimoto is trying to change the culture.
When the Taliban seized power in 2021, Yulduz and Fariba Hashimi faced a choice; leave behind their family or leave behind their sporting dreams.
Everything you need to know about global celebrations taking place on 8 March.
Images from members of the photographic community Women Photograph.
Hundreds of swimmers took part in the event at Portobello Beach on the Firth of Forth.
The government has unveiled sweeping changes to asylum rules - but admits they may never come into force.
The government is considering MDP Wethersfield in Essex, currently home to military police, as a centre for asylum seekers.
Controversial plans to tackle small-boat crossings have been set out by the home secretary.
The home secretary says she is "confident” the bill to cut the number of boats crossing the Channel with asylum seekers is “compatible with international obligations”.
The UK PM addresses reporters about new plans to crack down on people crossing the Channel in small boats.
Why are Albanian migrants coming to the UK and how many have arrived?
Reports say at least six people have been killed and several have been injured in the attack.
Motorists are being warned to avoid travel unless absolutely necessary in the affected areas.
However, the two men are not expected to reach a deal on returning migrants to France.
A splinter group of the Gulf Cartel also reportedly apologised for the kidnapping of four Americans.
The vessel will head to Yemen and remove 1.1m barrels of oil from a stricken tanker in the Red Sea.
Some 356,000 borrowers could face repayment difficulties next year, the Financial Conduct Authority says.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag praises the brilliance of Bruno Fernandes in his side's dominant Europa League last-16 first-leg victory against Real Betis.
At least nine people die as Russia fires powerful weapons, including hypersonic missiles.
Transport secretary Mark Harper blamed soaring prices and says it was "committed" to the high speed rail link.
Thomas Cashman is accused of shooting dead nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel in her Liverpool home.
British pair Emma Raducanu and Jack Draper put injury-disrupted build-ups behind them to earn first-round wins at the prestigious Indian Wells event.
Customers will receive 3 pence worth of loyalty points for every £1 spent, down from 4 pence.
A supplier is under investigation after pre-packed meat was found to be from South America and Europe.
As many parents across the country struggle with rising childcare costs, why is it so expensive?
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Delays to the HS2 rail project and a power cut at Ukraine's largest nuclear plant lead the papers.
Russia’s destructive but sporadic strike tactics could indicate a shortage of certain weapons.
A defamation lawsuit has pulled back the curtain on the inner workings of Fox News.
This year's Oscar nominees speak about the steps that have been taken - and the road still ahead
Michael Peterson witnessed the phenomenon while feeding his sheep in snowy conditions.
The BBC's Celia Hatton breaks down Xi Jinping's caffeine habits, and why they might be a subtle power play.
Mae Muller has been revealed as the UK's entrant for the Eurovision Song Contest.
Tips on what to carry in your car and how to drive in snow and icy weather.
Tens of thousands have died fighting for a city with little strategic value. Why?
The BBC entertainment correspondent on his greatest moments covering the Vanity Fair Oscars Party.
Deprived communities take immense pride in racing - but there are fears for the horses' welfare.
O'shian Edwards was pregnant when her rapper boyfriend was stabbed to death at Notting Hill Carnival.
The mystery over the latest missing business leader comes as Xi Jinping tightens his grip on China.
A group of mothers are helping each other to cope with enforced separation from their children.
Tawang is home to India's largest Buddhist monastery - China claims it as part of Tibet.
Arsenal secure a hard-earned draw against Sporting Lisbon in an entertaining Europa League last-16 first leg.
West Ham take a big step towards the quarter-finals of the Europa Conference League with a comfortable first-leg victory at AEK Larnaca.
England slump to a six-wicket defeat by Bangladesh in the opening T20 in Chattogram.
BBC Sport goes 12 rounds with Scotland's Hannah Rankin before her fight against Logan Holler on Friday.
Real Madrid say Uefa's proposal to reimburse some fans who attended last year's chaotic Champions League final is "insufficient".
Catalans earn their first win at Wigan since April 2011 to extend their 100% start in Super League to four games.
Pundits including Ian Wright and Alan Shearer had said they would not appear on Saturday's show.
Match of the Day will air without presenters or pundits on Saturday after the Lineker was pulled from the air by the BBC.
The PM is staking his reputation on resolving the issue of migrants crossing the Channel.
Nadja De Jager and her sons Alexander, nine, and Maximus, seven, were found on Thursday morning.
The inside story of Britain’s biggest Bounce Back Loan fraud - £10m stolen by one criminal gang.
The main aim of Wednesday's Budget will be to keep the economy and household finances stable.
Temperatures are set to drop "like a stone" overnight, bringing the risk of freezing ice.
Meta is looking at plans to launch a new social media app in its bid to displace Twitter.
He co-operated with officers and there was not enough grounds to take away his gun, police say.
Eve Smith, 21, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Darcy Ross, 21, died after the car crash in Cardiff.
Her famous flash in the 1992 erotic thriller made the judge rule for the father, she says.
Just one river included in government's proposal for new designated swimming sites
The space rock has about a 1 in 560 chance of hitting this planet, the agency says.
Gary Lineker dominates Saturday's front pages after the BBC suspended the Match of the Day star in a row over impartiality.
Mexico's criminal gangs adopt a warped code of ethics - and the kidnap of Americans broke the rules.
The actress tells the BBC what her possible victory would mean to Asians around the world.
Zimbabwean entrepreneur Tendai Moyo highlights the importance of texture representation in the hair industry.
It can be difficult to keep track of the ex-president's legal battles - here's what you need to know.
Images from the life of the late film star who was tried and acquitted of killing his wife.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
People (Check On Me) is poised to enter the UK Top 10 this week - a first for a Cameroonian artist.
Aerogel is described as the most effective insulating material known to science, so why isn't it used more?
With entries including bacon cheeseburger and doner kebab, the British Pie Awards have never been more varied.
Terrorism experts say extremist groups are increasingly talking about targeting that key infrastructure.
Fly-half Marcus Smith will be the centre of attention as England and France battle to keep their Six Nations title challenge alive at Twickenham on Saturday.
The top three players in the world suffer contrasting fortunes as storms curtail day two of the Players Championship at Sawgrass in Florida.
Second-tier Inverness Caledonian Thistle book a place in the Scottish Cup semi-finals as they come from behind to stun top-flight Kilmarnock.
Struggling Wales are aiming to avoid a new low in the world rankings when they face Italy in the Six Nations in Rome on Saturday.
Leigh Leopards score four second-half tries to defeat reigning Super League champions St Helens.
Former world champion Hannah Rankin responds to her September title defeat with a dominant victory over Logan Holler.
One of the BBC's best loved presenters has been taken off air due to an impartiality row.
The BBC took the decision after an impartiality row over his criticism of the government's asylum plans.
The ex-England player is one of the most recognisable figures associated with the BBC.
The Match of the Day host will not host the show until an agreement is reached on how he uses social media.
Football coverage was severely impacted by a staff walk-out in support of the Match of the Day host.
The broadcaster is facing a test of its fundamental values and mission following a day of tumult.
Watch Nomia Iqbal's interview with the BBC director general on the Gary Lineker crisis.
After quakes in Turkey's south claimed 50,000 lives, the race is on to protect its biggest city.
Deputy First Minister John Swinney is the most senior party figure to endorse the health secretary.
Cate Blanchett is among nominees at the 95th Academy Awards, which will be hosted by Jimmy Kimmel.
Both main parties are under pressure to make the country and its people richer, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
The announcement in next week's Budget is part of government plans to encourage people back to work.
Protests against plans for a radical overhaul of the judicial system have been running for 10 weeks.
Angola's soldiers are to help secure M23 rebel areas after a ceasefire it brokered failed.
The man was first held on suspicion of attempted murder after the attack outside a leisure centre.
Welsh first minister says his grief at losing his wife will not stop his work for Labour.
Homeless children speak about life in cramped temporary accommodation, and the fear of constant moving.
Sunday's front pages focus on the impartiality row between presenter Gary Lineker and the BBC.
Dozens of local people alerted the Wild Isles documentary film crew when they saw killer whales.
Edi Villalobos escaped from an Oregon courtroom during jury selection for his upcoming trial.
For 22 days Ukraine went without power cuts, and there are hopes Russia's strikes are losing momentum.
Security services no longer suspect Mohammed Soliman helped plan the Manchester Arena attack.
Two US citizens have been returned and a Mexican drug cartel handed over its own men. Here is what we know.
Dozens of Amazon customers get in touch to share their stories of ordering cameras and computer kit.
As Republicans ban "woke ideology" in classrooms, some teachers warn of a chilling effect on debate.
A selection of striking images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
What will happen to Ellie and Joel after the first series? The original video game offers some clues.
Most locals have not even heard of the Wild West in Edinburgh's Morningside.
Free-roaming felines kill billions of native animals and pose a huge threat to endangered species.
Mexico's gangs adopt a warped code of ethics - and the kidnap of Americans broke the rules.
Scotland host Ireland at Murrayfield with the Six Nations title and the Triple Crown on the line. It promises to be an epic, writes Tom English.
Head coach Steve Borthwick says England are a long way behind the top teams in the world after the record home defeat by France.
Watch highlights as France condemn England to their heaviest home defeat and to keep alive their Six Nations title defence with a seven-try win.
Scottie Scheffler leads the Players Championship by two shots after a day of spectacular scoring in the third round at Sawgrass.
British trio Andy Murray, Emma Raducanu and Jack Draper all win on Saturday to reach the third round at Indian Wells.
Warren Gatland says Wales deserved their bonus-point win against Italy in the Six Nations.
Ireland's Katie Taylor will bid to become a two-weight undisputed world champion when she takes on England's Chantelle Cameron in Dublin on 20 May.
A staff walk-out in support of Gary Lineker has heaped pressure on the BBC's boss.
The BBC chairman is under renewed pressure with the broadcaster in the grip of a major impartiality row.
The ex-England player is one of the most recognisable figures associated with the BBC.
One of the BBC's best loved presenters has been taken off air due to an impartiality row.
The Labour leader says the BBC is not acting impartially claiming it is "caving in" to Tory MPs.
Watch Nomia Iqbal's full interview with the BBC director general on the Gary Lineker crisis.
The BBC took the decision after an impartiality row over his criticism of the government's asylum plans.
Find out which films, actors and directors are vying for a golden statuette.
Find out about this year's main awards contenders and where you can see them.
This year's Oscar nominees speak about the steps that have been taken - and the road still ahead
The BBC's Sophie van Brugen shows us five things she can't live without when red carpet reporting.
The famous carpet may have changed for this year's Oscars, but the glamour was the same as ever.
Brendan Fraser is among nominees at the 95th Academy Awards, which are being hosted by Jimmy Kimmel.
It is hoped there will be a resolution soon but not all issues are "fully resolved", BBC News understands.
The spending boost is included in a new UK foreign and security strategy to be published on Monday.
Depositors with Silicon Valley Bank can access all their money from Monday, US officials say.
What you need to know about the junior doctors' strike by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
After a year when petrol prices soared, the Saudi firm announces a best-ever set of figures.
The chancellor says the government can make a "big difference", ahead of Wednesday's Budget.
San Diego's lifeguard chief calls it one of the worst maritime smuggling tragedies in California.
President affirmed US government's support for Belfast Agreement at a St Patrick's Day event in 2022.
Services have been cancelled across the city as police say they cannot rule out a copycat attack.
Officials say the properties needed to be removed before they fell into the sea due to coastal erosion.
The front pages continue to reflect the impartiality row at the BBC, and the government's response to Silicon Valley Bank collapse.
There are questions over how far government should go to cover losses from Silicon Valley Bank collapse.
The scientist emigrated to Texas after the riot and continues to call for political violence in the US.
Jessie Knight first picked up a tattoo machine 100 years ago and had an illustrious career.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Dimitra was one of many students killed in a crash that has unleashed anger over neglect in the railway.
Meet the woman who brought young musicians from Catholic and Protestant backgrounds together.
The cost-of-living crisis is prompting people to borrow, in order to pay pastors to pray for them.
Impressive Ireland take a huge stride towards a Grand Slam, shrugging off a series of injuries to overpower Scotland at Murrayfield.
Arsenal restore their five-point advantage at the top of the Premier League in outstanding fashion with a ruthless victory at Fulham.
Watch highlights as Ireland beat Scotland 22-7 in the Six Nations clash to keep their Grand Slam dreams alive.
Jos Buttler defends England's squad selections after defeat in the second T20 condemns them to a series loss against Bangladesh.
American Scottie Scheffler will return to the top of the world rankings after winning the Players Championship by five shots from England's Tyrrell Hatton.
Miguel Almiron and Alexander Isak score as Newcastle beat Wolves 2-1 to revive their hopes of finishing in the Premier League's top four.
The futures of England's players are on the line after their record-breaking home defeat by France, says former captain Matt Dawson.
Watch the first batch of stars to arrive at the 2023 Oscars.
Find out which films, actors and directors are vying for a golden statuette.
The broadcaster is facing a test of its fundamental values and mission following a day of tumult.
A staff walk-out in support of Gary Lineker has heaped pressure on the BBC's boss.
Gary Lineker speaks to press outside his house as it seems there is still no resolution to the tweet row.
Complaints about officers' treatment of women are highly unlikely to result in action, say police chiefs.
The US, UK and Australia say new nuclear-powered submarines will help ensure stability in the Pacific.
Director general Tim Davie says the BBC will carry out an independent review into its social media rules.
The BBC’s analysis editor examines the BBC's impartiality guidance, after the corporation struck a deal with Gary Lineker over his controversial tweets.
The singer, whose real name is Paul Gadd, was jailed in 2015 for sexually abusing three schoolgirls.
Dick Fosbury - the man who revolutionised the high jump in athletics - has died at the age of 76.
The PM says the UK will increase defence spending because "the world has become more volatile".
Police say the body of a man was recovered from the site of a reported gas explosion.
Joe Biden has said he intends to visit Northern Ireland after being invited to mark the Good Friday Agreement anniversary.
It comes after US authorities stepped in to protect customers following the collapse of two American banks.
The former PM says modern slavery victims will be "collateral damage" under new government proposals.
A coastguard patrol team pulls over to let a few deer cross the road - and they keep on coming.
The Newcastle-born artist had a long career teaching art before her breakthrough.
There are 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Zara Lackenby-Brown and Tanyel Revan talk about the impact on trolling - and their follower count.
As voting opens in the SNP leadership race, we spoke to party members at hustings in Glasgow.
James Martin, one of the stars of Oscar-winning An Irish Goodbye, is taking Hollywood by storm.
Zander Murray asks why he is the only male senior Scottish footballer to reveal publicly that he is gay.
Ray Wood's dream was to turn his daughters into "two of the greatest female tennis players" in history. Russell Fuller catches up with him five years later to see how the plan is going.
Gulnara Karimova bought homes and a jet with funds obtained via bribery and corruption, a report says.
Twenty years after the Iraq war, controversy still rages over whether "weapons of mass destruction" (WMDs) ever existed.
Russia captured Mariupol in May after a brutal siege. Now, it's trying to win hearts and minds.
Tottenham boss Antonio Conte should leave the club immediately if he does not want to commit his future to Spurs, says pundit Chris Sutton.
Emma Raducanu puts in an impressive showing as she beats Beatriz Haddad Maia 6-1 2-6 6-4 in their third-round match at Indian Wells.
Manchester City will be aiming to reach the Champions League quarter-finals on Tuesday and does this year represent their best chance of winning the tournament?
Gheorghe Hagi's career took him to the heights of world football and across the European club scene. Now the 'King' has returned to Romania with a mission.
The four-day Cheltenham Festival starts on Tuesday with Nicky Henderson's Constitution Hill hot favourite to win the Champion Hurdle.
Watch the best goals from this weekend's Women's Super League action featuring Aston Villa's Rachel Daly and 'one of the goals of the season' from Chelsea's Sam Kerr.
The famous Hollywood red carpet may have changed colour, but the glamour was the same as ever.
Michelle Yeoh becomes the first Asian woman to win the Academy Award for best actress.
What to look out for, whether you're watching the Oscar-winner for the first time, or the sixteenth.
The BBC's Colin Paterson shows what it's like reporting from the Vanity Fair party.
He was a child star in the 1980s, but gave up on acting when Hollywood gave up on him.
Everything Everywhere All at Once scoops the best picture Oscar - as Michelle Yeoh wins best actress.
A full-circle moment, a very hyperactive bear and a reference to The Slap feature in the ceremony.
The star of The Mummy and George of the Jungle returns from a decade in "the wilderness".
An Irish Goodbye wins the Academy Award for best short film on actor James Martin's 31st brithday.
The song Naatu Naatu from the Telugu-language movie is the first Indian film song to win an Oscar.
Watch stars as they arrive at the 2023 Oscars.
Find out about this year's main Academy Award winners and where you can see them.
The plans, aimed at encouraging parents to return to work, are expected to be announced in the Budget.
The US says the two aircraft collided over the Black Sea, but Russia says there was no contact.
The encounter between a Russian jet and a US drone raises some difficult questions for President Biden.
The judge said Eleanor Williams' claims she was trafficked by an Asian gang were "complete fiction".
What you need to know about the various strikes in England by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
Ash Regan, Humza Yousaf and Kate Forbes were speaking as they faced each other in a BBC Scotland TV debate.
Strikes coincide with busiest Monday of the year for some A&E departments, says NHS England boss.
Erling Haaland scores five as Manchester City thrash RB Leipzig to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
In addition to the culling of 10,000 jobs, 5,000 vacancies at the company will be left unfilled.
A 45-year-old man is arrested in Belfast in connection to the attempted murder of Det Ch Inspc John Caldwell.
The Levelling Up secretary urges developers to pay for repairs to homes with post-Grenfell fire risks.
A doctor raised concerns about nurse Lucy Letby's presence and the deaths of babies, her trial hears.
The fourth version of the AI chatbot can process both images and text.
Help with energy costs is still under review by the government, but help could continue.
Thresholds being left unchanged for at least 10 years means many more people are being affected by government policies.
There are 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
As rail fares increase, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
As many parents across the country struggle with rising childcare costs, why is it so expensive?
Previews of Wednesday's Budget and the reported downing of a US drone over the Black Sea lead the papers.
Eleanor Williams lied about being a victim of an Asian grooming gang in her home town.
Juan Mata leads a squad of players to work with artists at the Manchester International Festival.
The rapper - who died after collapsing on stage - had plans to take things to "a whole new level".
Marek Hecko is filmed on a body cam saying he knows what happened and "this city is mine".
Has the collapse of two US banks sparked another financial crisis?
Two US banks have collapsed and shares tumbled. So how serious is this and what does it mean for you?
A baby kangaroo was spotted swimming near two large crocodiles by a pilot who notified police.
Anthony Mmesoma Madu got a ballet scholarship after he was filmed dancing barefoot in Lagos.
Constitution Hill is hailed as the "horse of a generation" after his breathtaking Champion Hurdle victory at Cheltenham.
British number one Cameron Norrie is through to the Indian Wells quarter-finals after a straight sets win over Russian Andrey Rublev.
Fifa switches the format for the 2026 World Cup in the United States, Mexico and Canada back to four-team groups.
Ex-England, Leicester and Lions hooker Tom Youngs speaks to BBC Breakfast about dealing with grief and loneliness following the death of his wife Tiffany.
England's Twenty20 series whitewash by Bangladesh has been an 'eye-opener', says coach Matthew Mott.
Inter Milan move into the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time since 2011 as they eliminate Porto in their last-16 tie.
Wales boss Rob Page says Aaron Ramsey's desire to join Wales' 100-cap club has influenced his decision to continue his international career.
The government will reveal how much money it will take in taxes and what it will spend it on.
The unemployment rate is close to its lowest point since the 1970s, but millions aren't working.
Young people tell the BBC what help they hope will be announced in the Spring Budget on Wednesday.
A big rise in the amount some people can put into pension savings is expected in the Budget.
Jeremy Hunt tells the BBC his plans will kick start growth, but Labour says the UK economy is stagnating under the Tories.
Childcare, energy bill support, pensions and more will affect your finances. This is the impact on you.
UK regulators have been talking to their Swiss counterparts and Credit Suisse about its situation.
BBC correspondents explain why historic rivals are trying to rebuild trust - and who stands to gain.
A US surveillance drone plunged into the Black Sea after an encounter with Russian jets on Tuesday.
A woman was attacked outside a leisure centre in Tommy Taylors Lane, Cheltenham, last week.
Police respond with tear gas as Eintracht Frankfurt fans charge through the streets.
What you need to know about the teachers' walkout in England and widespread rail disruption.
A call for a cull in South Uist follows concerns about the spread of Lyme disease from infected deer ticks.
The man likely to run for president said the "territorial dispute" was not a "vital national interest".
The former world boxing champion was forced to hand over his bespoke £72,000 watch in the footage.
Duty for draught pints is frozen but the average price of a pack of 20 cigarettes rises to £14.39.
Khayri Mclean, 15, was stabbed outside his school in Huddersfield and died later in hospital.
Narinder Kaur is convicted after duping stores into giving her refunds for goods she had stolen.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is announcing new economic measures - here's what you need to know.
Eligible under-5s will get 30 hours free care from September 2025, but some fear this is too far off.
The Chancellor delivered his first budget and presented the government's plans for spending and taxation.
The BBC's Vishala Sri-Pathma breaks down how the government's spending plans might impact your pocket.
Britain is the “sick man of Europe once again” says the Labour leader as he replied to the chancellor’s budget.
The lifetime limit on tax-free pensions savings will be abolished.
The unemployment rate is close to its lowest point since the 1970s, but millions aren't working.
The government is increasing corporation tax from April 2023.
Young people tell the BBC what they think of the help announced in the Spring Budget.
The guarantee limiting typical household energy bills will carry on at the same rate until June.
The government has announced more help with childcare for some working parents in the Budget.
One woman and her daughters are trying to fill the gaps rising costs have left.
Thresholds being left unchanged for at least 10 years means many more people are being affected by government policies.
A BBC reporter goes undercover and confronts doctors offering bogus treatments for his genetic condition.
The model and TV personality speaks about the impact autism has had on her life.
Extreme travellers want to go everywhere - but one group just moved the goalposts...
A live studio audience, a move away from personal attacks and a wide range of policies were on show.
Ryan Redington won the dog sled race 50 years after his grandfather co-founded the arduous contest.
Teachers in England are striking over pay, with strikes currently suspended in Wales and Scotland.
Beijing has reacted with anger to the details of a UK, US and Australia defence pact known as Aukus.
Conservation measures mean the predators are back in Belgium after 100 years. Not everyone is happy.
Jurgen Klopp says they face a "massive task" to be back in the Champions League after their annihilation by Real Madrid.
Patrick Vieira says his Crystal Palace team need to change their "mindset" to end the 11-game winless run that has dragged them towards a relegation battle.
Energumene, ridden by Paul Townend for trainer Willie Mullins and owner Tony Bloom, wins the Queen Mother Champion Chase at Cheltenham for the second year running.
Cristiano Ronaldo gets a yellow card for kicking the ball away in frustration at the half-time whistle during Al Nassr's 3-1 win over Abha in the King Cup quarter-finals.
Ivan Toney jokes Brentford are hoping to catch Arsenal after he scores one and assists another to help the Bees beat Southampton
British number one Cameron Norrie's run in Indian Wells ends with an error-strewn defeat by American Frances Tiafoe in the quarter-finals.
The stylist is best known for working with the likes of Zendaya, Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa.
Unions urge nurses, ambulance staff and other members to back deal including a one-off payment.
Union members are yet to back the deal, and the government still needs to pay for it, says Chris Mason.
Proposed new laws will target murderers with a history of controlling behaviour towards their victims.
US footage shows the jet apparently dumping fuel as it makes two close passes with the drone.
The BBC understands the report will criticise the Met's tolerance of wrongdoing within its ranks.
France's president has sidelined MPs and forced through plans to raise the pension age from 62 to 64.
Teachers walked out for two days this week in their long-running dispute over a fully-funded pay rise.
A gene variant known to increase the risk of breast cancer has been found in people with Orkney heritage.
Chris Kaba, 24, was shot dead by a Met Police officer and the police watchdog is investigating.
Harvey Borrington was non-verbally autistic and therefore could not tell of Leila Borrington's abuse.
Two mounted police officers ride after a man holding his phone while driving through a town centre.
Motsi Mabuse says she needs fellow Strictly judge Craig Revel Horwood's help with northern accents.
Recruiters and charities give their advice for anyone wanting to get back into work.
The government has announced more help with childcare for some working parents in the Budget.
The lifetime limit on tax-free pensions savings will go, and some annual allowances will increase.
Women footballers evacuated to the UK included some who were not the top players it was claimed.
US firefighters hoist him to safety as he clings on to a barrier in the flooded Los Angeles River.
A BBC reporter goes undercover and confronts doctors offering bogus treatments for his genetic condition.
The star, who lost 80% of the hearing in her right ear, says she's come to terms with her condition.
People whose families have farmed land for generations say they are in a "dreadful situation".
A number of rail operators are launching new sleeper train services across the continent.
BBC correspondents explain why historic rivals are trying to rebuild trust - and who stands to gain.
Everything we know (and don't know) so far about a US drone that crashed in the Black Sea.
Despite the war, Ukraine has been able to export 23 million tonnes of grain since July 2022.
Arsenal are knocked out of the Europa League following a penalty shootout defeat by Sporting Lisbon.
England head coach Steve Borthwick says Henry Arundell has an "incredible future" after handing the wing a first Test start against Ireland on Saturday.
England manager Gareth Southgate believes nothing needs fixing as he names a familiar squad for the Euro 2024 qualifiers against Italy and Ukraine.
Lewis Hamilton and a number of fellow Formula 1 drivers have made it clear they are uncomfortable about being back in Saudi Arabia.
Manchester United captain Harry Maguire says he has "an important role" to play after the Red Devils reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Rachael Blackmore will bid for a repeat on A Plus Tard in Friday's Cheltenham Gold Cup after making history 12 months ago.
Ex-England striker Jermain Defoe relives his spectacular winning goal for Sunderland against Newcastle in 2015, and explains why it made him cry.
Sir Keir Starmer says tax breaks aimed at keeping doctors in work should only apply to them.
The chancellor also made claims about immigration and surgeons working fewer hours.
The end of the cap on tax-free pension savings could yet prove totemic, writes our political editor.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is announcing new economic measures - here's what you need to know.
The Russian president is wanted by the ICC for alleged war crimes during his Ukraine invasion.
BBC correspondents Anna Holligan and Steve Rosenberg on the difficulties of detaining a president.
The airport says contingency plans will be in place when 1,400 guards walk out in a pay dispute.
Five of the civilian commendations go to men who confronted the London Bridge attacker in 2019.
The government announced an expansion of free childcare in the Budget - but will it actually work?
Reddick, who played Charon in the John Wick action-thriller movies, died of natural causes.
The Jurassic Park star opens up about living with non-Hodgkin lymphoma in his new memoir.
Experts who investigated iEarn Bot say it could be part of one of the biggest-ever crypto scandals.
A victim who was targeted and groomed by criminals, was helped by Radio 4's Money Box programme.
This year's event will support people struggling with the cost of living crisis and food poverty.
Facebook used to be free, but now you'll pay to be who you say you are.
World number one Novak Djokovic has failed in his bid to play at next week's Miami Open after being denied entry to the United States.
"Just imagine leaving a fish in your kitchen to rot" said one resident, describing the smell.
Tegan, 19, who helps to care for three adults says her family cannot afford haircuts and underwear.
Despite the charges against him at the Hague, the chances of a prosecution for Ukraine war crimes are slim.
A walkout by staff at the Passport Office and Putin being accused of war crimes lead Saturday's papers.
The policy slogan used by Rishi Sunak is the same as that used 10 years ago in Australia.
Rescue teams continue to look for victims after Cyclone Freddy's destructive path through Malawi.
Jacqueline Gold, whose death was announced on Friday, changed the lives of women at home and at work.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Maternal mortality spiked by 40 percent in 2021, with black women more likely to die.
Ian McLeod has captured every day of his son's life growing up for the ultimate family album.
The US is one of four countries that routinely separates incarcerated mothers from their babies.
The next series of the Netflix show will cover the period the Prince of Wales was at university.
How will the strike by Passport Office workers affect passport renewals?
A new report has found that rough sleeping and homelessness has increased across the English countryside
What can be done to protect coastal communities at risk of being swallowed up by the sea?
Ali Abbas's life changed forever after he lost both of his arms and most of his family in the war.
Newcastle's Alexander Isak scores a dramatic stoppage-time winner over Nottingham Forest to keep their hopes of a top-four finish firmly alive.
Willie Mullins says he is struggling to take in his success after Galopin Des Champs gave him a third Gold Cup and 94th Cheltenham Festival victory.
Give it to Henry Arundell, get physical and hang on - how England can avoid setting any more sorry records against Ireland.
Former Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson is being considered as an option to take over as manager at Selhurst Park after the sacking of Patrick Vieira.
Take a look back at Vincent Kompany's three FA Cup finals with Manchester City before his return to Etihad Stadium as manager of Burnley in this year's quarter-finals.
Lewis Hamilton will have to consider leaving Mercedes if they cannot deliver a competitive car "in the next couple of years", his team boss says.
UFC fighter Jeff Molina comes out as bisexual after a private video of him was leaked.
Boris Johnson faces a marathon televised hearing this week to convince MPs he did not mislead Parliament.
Lineker hosts BBC sports coverage for first time after being taken off air in an impartiality row.
A teacher says William Hill should have done more to stop him betting when he was staking thousands.
The government will send people loud, siren-like warnings to alert them when there is a risk to life.
The Liberal Democrat leader will talk about overseas aid and rising living costs at the event in York.
Peter Murrell, the husband of Nicola Sturgeon, confirms he has resigned from the role with immediate effect.
The former president calls for protests but his lawyer says there has been no word from prosecutors.
A strong earthquake off Ecuador's southern coast left people trapped in collapsed houses.
A group of historians pen a letter saying RAF Scampton shoud not be used to house asylum seekers.
An out-of-pocket dad sends in reinforcements to claim money from an airline over a cancelled flight.
A furious Antonio Conte says his Tottenham players are "selfish" and the club "can change the manager but the situation cannot change".
A British Muslim charity says requests for crisis grants are at unprecedented levels.
Unpaid carers say increased financial pressures mean they are unable to buy basic essential items.
Suella Braverman's trip to Rwanda and Gary Lineker's return as a BBC football host leads the papers.
Cyclone Gabrielle has sparked a nationwide debate about climate change and vulnerable homes.
Failure to deliver on childcare and small boats pledges could set back the progress of his first months.
The chief executive of the SNP for the past 24 years has resigned, What do we know about him?
No-confidence motions face the Macron government as it tries to force its unpopular changes into law.
Despite the charges against him at the Hague, the chances of a prosecution for Ukraine war crimes are slim.
The star plays for three hours as she launches her long-awaited Eras stadium tour in Arizona.
A selection of striking images from all over the globe, taken in the past seven days.
Ireland win their fourth Grand Slam as they wear down 14-man England in a tense Six Nations finale in Dublin.
Erling Haaland scores his sixth hat-trick of the season and passes the 40-goal mark as Manchester City thrash Vincent Kompany's Burnley to reach the FA Cup semi-finals.
A red card given to England full-back Freddie Steward in Saturday's defeat by Grand Slam winners Ireland has been called "an utter farce" and "absolutely ridiculous" by former players.
Leon Edwards beats Kamaru Usman by majority decision to retain the welterweight title at UFC 286 in London.
Ellis Simms scores his first Everton goal to earn Sean Dyche's side a precious point as they come from behind twice to draw at Chelsea.
Watch highlights as Ireland beat an England team reduced to 14 men 29-16 to win the Six Nations Grand Slam.
Emotional Ireland captain Johnny Sexton describes winning the Grand Slam and Six Nations title as "like living in a dream".
The deal, backed by the Swiss government, follows weekend talks aimed at preventing its collapse.
Six central banks move to keep credit flowing worldwide after two big institutions collapsed.
The Russian leader tours parts of the Ukrainian port city that saw some of his army's fiercest attacks.
Our correspondents Steve Rosenberg and Stephen McDonell tell us what to expect from the talks.
The government pays millions each day to house asylum seekers in almost 400 hotels across the UK.
The car became stuck by the basement windows of the Francis Hotel in the early hours of Sunday.
The chain's famous staff-ownership structure could be watered down to raise new funds.
The visit - not yet confirmed by Riyadh - would build on a thaw in tensions, brokered by China.
Afghanistan's Islamist leader says officials should replace appointed sons or nephews and hire other workers.
Interim chief executive Mike Russell says the leadership vote must go ahead regardless of party problems.
Cloete Murray was the liquidator for Bosasa, a company implicated in government contract scandals.
Hundreds of people ride through Coventry on what would have been the singer's 64th birthday.
Jennie Taupin is struggling to afford a new home after the bungalow she rented was sold by the owner.
The papers lead with European courts looking at the Rwanda plan and Boris Johnson's Partygate defence.
Beset by scandals and crisis, many people are questioning how a totemic bank ended up beyond repair.
The appeal is clear - but should we be turning to appetite-suppressing injections?
EastEnders has shone a light on Edwards' syndrome - a rare genetic condition affecting babies.
Darcey Corria was left with with a broken neck and pelvis in a collision on the M4 in January.
Companies are trying a variety of incentives to lure staff back to the office.
Martin Keown explains why leaders Arsenal are right not to have any doubts now as they enter the home straight of the Premier League title race.
Fernando Alonso is reinstated to third place in the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix after stewards overturn their earlier decision to demote him.
Fulham manager Marco Silva says Aleksandar Mitrovic should "control his emotions" after pushing referee Chris Kavanagh, but appeals for "fairness".
Fulham "lose their heads" as they let slip a 1-0 lead and receive three red cards against Manchester United in their FA Cup quarter-final at Old Trafford.
Franck Kessie scores a dramatic late winner as Barcelona beat Real Madrid in El Clasico to move 12 points clear at the top of La Liga.
Watch highlights as Manchester United came from a goal down to beat nine-man Fulham and reach the FA Cup semi-finals with a controversial victory at Old Trafford.
The Met is institutionally racist, misogynist and homophobic, Baroness Casey's damning report finds.
A damning report lists stark examples of failings including racism, sexism and homophobia in the Met Police.
China's leader, whose Ukraine plan has been criticised in the West, gets a warm welcome in Moscow.
If confirmed as a Ukrainian attack, it would be a rare foray into the occupied region.
Downing Street says there are no plans for substantial changes to the Windsor Framework.
Head teacher Ruth Perry took her own life while waiting for the publication of an Ofsted report.
Rasmus Paludan had said he planned to burn the Islamic text in Wakefield.
The BBC's Duncan Kennedy visits Hampshire to find out why scientists are appealing for help.
Technology is providing solutions but the climate forecast is worsening, scientists say in major report.
A US court says the banks must face claims they enabled the deceased financier's sex trafficking.
More than 100 people are arrested after protests across Paris following Monday's vote.
Members of nursing and midwifery unions vote to accept the Scottish government's 6.5% pay deal.
Investors appear largely reassured after Credit Suisse rescue, but First Republic shares plunge.
Panorama explores the extent of the challenges facing the UK economy.
Tuesday's papers lead with the Met Police being deemed "institutionally racist, misogynistic and homophobic".
Credit Suisse has been taken over by rival UBS and shares have tumbled, but your money is safe, say regulators.
As Putin welcomes Xi to Moscow, the BBC examines the relationship between the two world leaders.
BBC environment correspondent Matt McGrath outlines the key takeaways from the latest IPCC report.
The former president could become the first to face criminal charges. Here's what possibly lies ahead.
Almost every day women in India face sexual harassment in public places. So how do they deal with it?
Yevgeny Prigozhin ran hot dog stalls after his release from prison. Now he leads the Wagner group.
Tens of thousands are crossing into Canada via Roxham Road, an unofficial border in upstate New York.
Darcey Corria was left with a broken neck and pelvis in a collision on the M4 in January.
As AI-powered chatbots can now write fiction, human authors may have unwanted competition.
Fulham’s Aleksandar Mitrovic is charged with violent and improper conduct after his red card at Manchester United, but the Football Association says the standard punishment is “clearly insufficient”.
Italy manager Roberto Mancini says he is "worse off" than England boss Gareth Southgate when it comes to selecting national players.
An 18-round league season, two cups, but only two teams. How football survives and familiarity breeds contentment on the Isles of Scilly.
John Barclay and Sam Warburton pick different fly-halves in their teams of the tournament. Who do they pick?
Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford, Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount and Newcastle goalkeeper Nick Pope withdraw from the England squad through injury.
BBC Sport crunches the numbers and analyses the fixture list to assess whether Arsenal or Manchester City are favourites for the Premier League title.
A pitch invader who attacked Sevilla goalkeeper Marko Dmitrovic during a Europa League tie has been banned from PSV Eindhoven's stadium for 40 years.
The US and three allies invaded Iraq 20 years ago, but most countries were against the war.
Black Watch veteran Kevin Stacey served three tours of Iraq, despite being seriously injured by a bomb.
The ex-prime minister is fighting accusations he misled Parliament over lockdown parties in No 10.
This is a merciless report, writes BBC correspondent Mark Easton. But what does the Met do now?
Mr Putin says China's plan could end the war - but he claims Ukraine and the West are not ready for peace.
The attack in Birmingham which left a man seriously injured could be linked to one in west London.
The star says he reached a low point after the deaths of his friends Jamal Edwards and Shane Warne.
The UK says the depleted uranium shells, which it is sending to Ukraine, are "standard".
The former Microsoft boss says AI is the second revolutionary technology he's seen in his lifetime.
Thomas Cashman tells a jury he was making between £3,000 and £5,000 a week selling cannabis.
The Oscar-winner denies a lawsuit claiming she caused serious injuries to a man on the slopes in Utah.
Abigail Zwerner tells NBC she will never forget the look on the boy's face as he pointed the gun.
Women using this type of birth control have a slightly increased risk, a study finds.
A senior pastor at the Fountain of Life Center says it is a devastating loss for his community.
Volunteers are now being sought to help them socialise by cuddling and stroking them.
Wednesday's papers lead on Boris Johnson giving evidence later in a televised hearing on partygate.
Bobby Bostic was released in November - after being told as a teenager he would die in prison.
Mr Johnson is to face questions from the Privileges Committee on Wednesday, in a televised hearing.
The former PM faces a several hour-long grilling by MPs over claims he misled Parliament.
The former president could become the first to face criminal charges. Here's what possibly lies ahead.
The death of head teacher Ruth Perry has highlighted the pressure Ofsted inspections can put on schools.
New research shows stark North-South divide in hospital admissions for lung disease across the UK.
The actress, starring in a new BBC adaptation of Great Expectations, on why she thinks it's relevant to modern Britain.
The TV show's creators say their play mixes horror with the fun of meeting characters in their youth.
Boris Johnson will face MPs questions this week about whether he misled Parliament over Partygate.
Credit Suisse has been taken over by rival UBS and shares have tumbled, but your money is safe, say regulators.
Tottenham midfielder Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg calls on manager Antonio Conte to be "more precise" following the Italian's rant on Saturday.
Arsenal will need to come from behind to progress to the semi-finals of the Women's Champions League after losing the first leg of their quarter-final tie with Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena.
When peace broke out among New York's gangs, breaking was born. But few foresaw it conquering the world and morphing into an Olympic sport.
Prospective owners of Manchester United are told they have until 21:00 GMT on Wednesday to submit second, revised bids for the club as the takeover saga accelerates.
As England captain Sarah Hunter announces her retirement from rugby, BBC Sport looks back at the growth of her career and the women's game
Delhi Capitals reach the Women's Premier League final by beating UP Warriorz by five wickets.
Martina Navratilova - an 18-time Grand Slam singles champion - says she is "cancer free" after fearing she "would not see next Christmas".
The Met is institutionally racist, misogynistic and homophobic, Baroness Casey's damning report finds.
Baroness Lawrence said the force is still failing 24 years after being dubbed "institutionally racist".
A damning report lists stark examples of failings including racism, sexism and homophobia in the Met Police.
Evidence painted a damning picture of two units, an insidious team, as described by one employee.
Baroness Casey's report concludes that racism, misogyny and homophobia are present across the whole of the Met.
The former PM repeatedly insists he did not deliberately lie to Parliament in a marathon grilling.
The former prime minister faces a committee of MPs on whether he intentionally misled parliament.
Twenty three people were treated to hospital and another 12 at the scene of the incident in Leith.
The video-sharing app's chief executive will testify to US lawmakers in a much-anticipated grilling.
Head teachers take action "in solidarity" with Ruth Parry, who killed herself after an inspection.
Eight stars including Soulja Boy did not disclose payments for touting cryptocurrencies, the SEC says.
Rail workers across 14 train companies were due to walk out on 30 March and 1 April.
But former PMs Boris Johnson and Liz Truss joined 20 other Tory MPs and the DUP to vote against the agreement.
The UK tax was paid on earnings of more than £4.7m from income and a US-based investment fund.
A man accused of setting a pensioner on fire as he left a Birmingham mosque is held over an attack in west London.
The Prince of Wales meets troops in Poland an hour's drive from the border with Ukraine.
The Federal Reserve moves borrowing costs higher as it focuses on efforts to stabilise prices.
Ineos owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim will submit improved bids to buy Manchester United after the deadline was extended.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Cheap family dinners that will cost you £1 a portion, or less.
The rate at which prices are rising has jumped again, driven by soaring food prices.
Boris Johnson's grilling on whether he lied about partygate makes up most front pages on Thursday.
The journalist and broadcaster has been investigating why 140,000 children are "severely absent" from school.
February's shock rise in inflation figure means the UK now has the highest rate among major economies.
Jordan Schwarzenberger talks about his attitude to alcohol in the workplace for our CEO Secrets series.
This is a merciless report, writes the BBC's home editor Mark Easton. But what does the Met do now?
Some people have spent years trying to find an affordable property in part of the Scottish Highlands.
As the waiting game for a decision on a possible indictment goes on, here is what you need to know.
When peace broke out among New York's gangs, breaking was born - but few foresaw it conquering the world and morphing into an Olympic sport.
British number one Emma Raducanu is out of the Miami Open after losing to Canada's Bianca Andreescu in an enjoyable battle between two former teenage US Open champions.
Tyson Fury's heavyweight fight with Oleksandr Usyk is off and Fury's promoter Frank Warren "does not think" it will happen in the near future.
Watch five of Mesut Ozil's best moments for Arsenal as the former Real Madrid, Fenerbahce and Germany midfielder retires at 34.
Two-time champion Andy Murray suffers a straight-set loss to Serbia's Dusan Lajovic in the first round at the Miami Open.
Chelsea come away with a crucial victory over holders Lyon in the first leg of their Women's Champions League quarter-final in France.
Egyptian referee Mohamed Farouk is suspended for using a spectator's mobile phone to disallow a goal
The former prime minster is pressed about Downing Street photos showing a lack of social distancing.
What were some of the significant responses in Boris Johnson's three hour question session in front of MPs?
The former PM says Downing Street staff did not touch each other’s pens but passed drinks at events.
Handwritten notes, wry smiles and tense exchanges - what do our correspondents make of it all?
Fire engulfs the building's front as violence flares in several cities during pension reform protests.
Andrew Bailey's comments come as the Bank raises interest rates to 4.25% to try to combat inflation.
Harry Kane describes becoming England's all-time top scorer with his 54th international goal against Italy as "a magical moment".
The BBC said it would be "inappropriate" to resume making the popular TV show's new series for now.
The TikTok CEO faced US lawmakers during a Congressional hearing on the app's practices.
World Athletics has banned transgender women from competing in the female category at international events.
Sir Keir's release comes a day after Prime Minister Rishi Sunak published details of his finances.
The law has changed to allow the commercial development and sale of gene-edited food in England.
She told a police misconduct hearing she saw PC Jack Harrison by chance at a supermarket.
Security guards fight off the man in Tampa, Florida, possibly preventing a mass shooting, police say.
The young animal was unharmed after exploring some residential streets before being tranquilized.
The Prince of Wales met Ukrainians who have fled the war on the second day of his visit to Poland.
Keanu Reeves' John Wick: Chapter Four "outdoes its formidable predecessors", one critic says.
The Bank of England has raised the rate from 4% to 4.25%, creating higher mortgage costs.
Homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
The rate at which prices are rising has jumped again, driven by soaring food prices.
The Bank of England has put up interest rates to 4.25% in an attempt to curb rising inflation.
Friday's front pages mostly lead on households facing more bills amid interest rates rising.
The Ukrainian stronghold where, despite months of vicious attacks, the Russians have gained just 10 metres.
Harry Kane fires himself into the record books, scoring his 54th international goal to surpass Wayne Rooney as England's all-time leading goalscorer. Here is how.
Montana Brown says she found the tracking device - which wasn't hers - in her bag at an airport.
A breakdown of what we know about Sir Keir Starmer's offer to voters at the next general election.
The young man was brought to the UK to provide a kidney for the sick daughter of a Nigerian senator.
Gene-edited food can now be developed and sold in England, but not in the rest of the UK.
The protected bird which made headlines because of its bond with a local famer is taken to a sanctuary.
Despite failing to reach orbit, Relativity Space says the vehicle passed key objectives.
The US government is threatening to ban TikTok - how would that work?
Hundreds of sub-postmasters who exposed wrongdoing will now be able to recover their losses in full.
The underground site, buried deep under an Edinburgh hill, has remained largely unknown.
The romantic display in Nottinghamshire is believed to be courtesy of the Red Arrows.
Myron and his mother Kateryna fled missiles in Ukraine and "feel like family" to their UK sponsors.
Speaking three years after the first Covid lockdown, Anabel Sharma looks back on her mum's last moments.
The plane carried 52kg of meth from PNG to Australia with flight monitoring switched off in an effort to avoid detection.
BBC Sport research shows the scale of short domestic flights to and from games involving Premier League teams from 100 fixtures in 2023.
Harry Kane becomes England's all-time record goalscorer as they open their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign with a first victory in Italy since 1961.
Matt Fitzpatrick beats Min Woo Lee to keep alive his hopes of reaching the knockout stage at the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play Championship in Austin, Texas.
Michael O'Neill's second spell as Northern Ireland manager gets off to a winning start as a Dion Charles double gives his side a comfortable 2-0 away victory over San Marino.
Pfeiffer Georgi claims a solo win at the Classic Brugge-De Panne two and a half years after breaking her back in the same race.
Tyson Fury has called fellow heavyweight champion Oleksandr Usyk a "14-stone coward" in an expletive-laden social media post after talks for an undisputed fight broke down.
England fans tell the BBC that they were charged at by police and struck with batons when they tried to get into Napoli's Diego Armando Maradona Stadium on Thursday.
Pakistan bowler Shaheen Afridi is picked by Welsh Fire and England bowler Kate Cross moves to Northern Superchargers in The Hundred draft.
The verdict of MPs investigating Boris Johnson has the potential to finish him, writes the BBC's political editor.
The former prime minister faces a committee of MPs on whether he intentionally misled parliament.
Boris Johnson is to be questioned over Covid rule-breaking parties. But what do we know about them?
Emmanuel Macron says the trip could not go ahead because of pension protests during the trip.
The actress testifies she felt "hurt and violated" when she says a man crashed into her on the slope.
King Charles formally recognises the roles played by scores of royal aides and military personnel.
Despite Russia spending months trying to take the city, Ukrainian officials say they are holding on.
Worries over the financial strength of the sector persist, with Deutsche Bank down 14% at one point.
The Greek culture minister said she hopes their return will set an example for other institutions to follow.
The president's team say the watch was banging on the table - but critics say it was a bad look.
The unusually large space object will harmlessly bypass the planet this weekend.
In an open letter the retail consultant says the store is "part of our collective cultural identity".
Three people are affected by the outbreak linked to a Wiltshire firm's Baronet cheese.
The panel rules sacking the PC was "not a proportional or appropriate outcome" for his actions.
Daniel White kicked open his wife's locked door, strangled her and then cut her throat.
There are fears that the UK music scene will suffer if grassroots pubs, bars and clubs keep closing.
Saturday's papers lead on protests in France and the King's cancelled meeting with Emmanuel Macron.
Protests that are rocking his country cast a shadow over the Israeli PM's flying visit.
The broadcaster is fighting fires on several fronts, but seasoned BBC-watchers are feeling deja-vu.
Paul Rusesabagina, played in the 2004 movie by Don Cheadle, was credited with saving 1,200 people.
Tech executives don't get an easy ride before Congress, but Shou Zi Chew's hearing was exceptionally bruising.
The show has been put on hold following a crash involving host Freddie Flintoff. Will it be back?
Lisa Telling says her friend Ruth was "under enormous stress before she died."
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Normally rare in southern parts of the UK, the aurora made an appearance for the second time in a month.
Everton have been referred to an independent commission by the Premier League over an alleged breach of its profitability and sustainability rules.
Kylian Mbappe scores his first goals as France captain as the World Cup finalists begin their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign with a comfortable win against the Netherlands.
Bayern Munich are the reigning Bundesliga champions and just one point off the top this season, so why was Julian Nagelsmann sacked?
Everton held to a draw by Liverpool in a feisty Women's Super League Merseyside derby at a raucous Goodison Park.
World number one Scottie Scheffler and Rory McIlroy both reach the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play knockout stage with perfect records.
Romelu Lukaku scores a hat-trick to lead Belgium to victory against Sweden as Zlatan Ibrahimovic becomes the second oldest man to play in a European Championship qualifier.
Watch Lewis Gibson and Lilah Fear's rhythm dance routine that puts them in fourth place before Saturday's World Figure Skating Championships medal decider.
The storms have killed 26 and devastated rural towns, with Rolling Fork almost completely wiped out.
Drone footage captures the devastation after a tornado hits Rolling Fork, Mississippi.
New plans will aim to have people repair damage they cause within 48 hours of being given an order.
The US Defense Department says it does not believe Russia is preparing to use the nuclear weapons.
How politicians answer that will set the terms for the next election, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
As Donald Trump stares down a potential arrest, it is business as usual at his campaign rally.
There has been talk for some weeks of Ukraine launching a spring offensive against Russian forces.
It comes ahead of a package of measures on energy security, which the BBC understands will be announced on Thursday.
The officer who helped bring peace to Northern Ireland tells the BBC he defied orders from the government.
The composer says his family is "totally bereft" by the loss of his Grammy-nominated son Nick.
Police say they arrested a 36-year-old man at an address in Warwickshire on Saturday evening.
The unusually large space object harmlessly bypasses the planet, as predicted by scientists.
The government has previously signalled it wants to end the practice of housing people in hotels.
Sunday's papers lead on Rishi Sunak's plans to curtail youth offenders.
Guo Wengui is accused of masterminding a billion-dollar fraud. His followers tell the BBC their stories.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken in the past seven days.
Genetic data released by China three years after it was gathered has provided 'the best evidence' of how the pandemic started, scientists say.
When Patriotic Alternative started targeting a Welsh town, the community found a way to push back.
How will the former US President handle his courthouse entry if he has to turn himself in?
Wales debutant Nathan Broadhead's injury-time goal secures a stunning 1-1 draw for Robert Page's side as they score with their only shot on target in Split.
Scott McTominay's late double secures a comfortable win for Scotland over Cyprus in their European Championship qualifying Group A opener.
As England captain Sarah Hunter left the Kingston Park pitch with a tearful smile following the victory over Scotland, an era of English rugby ended.
Briton Lawrence Okolie defended his WBO cruiserweight title with a comfortable but scrappy points win over David Light at Manchester's AO Arena.
Watch highlights as England secure a 10-try Six Nations win against Scotland in Newcastle.
A record crowd watches Wales kick-off their Six Nations campaign in style with a bonus-point win over Ireland.
Rory McIlroy is into the semi-final of the WGC-Dell Technologies Match Play Championship after snatching victory against Xander Schauffele.
Targeting the use of nitrous oxide is part of a crackdown on anti-social behaviour.
Black children were six times more likely to be targeted than the overall population, figures show.
Friday night's tornado in the southern US killed 26 people and has displaced hundreds more.
In the wake of Mississippi's deadly tornado, the BBC hears harrowing stories from a community in shock.
"Reservoir fluid" and oil enters the water at Poole Harbour where a spill plan has been activated.
Manager Antonio Conte leaves Tottenham after 16 months in charge and his dismissal comes after he called the Spurs players "selfish".
Kyiv has dismissed previous claims that it has attacked Russian civilian targets with explosive drones.
The levelling up secretary blames war in Ukraine and pandemic, but denies government is at fault.
President Putin says Russia will station tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus.
Yoav Gallant is sacked by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu after opposing the controversial shake-up.
England maintain their winning start to their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Ukraine at Wembley.
Cambridge's men win the Boat Race to complete a double for the university over rivals Oxford.
The Hollywood star's lawyer says his client is innocent and expects charges to be dropped imminently.
Monday's papers lead on the return of the Illegal Migration Bill and the government's nitrous oxide ban.
The first minister's resignation triggered a divisive leadership campaign - but what could happen now?
The singer has enlisted Madonna for his new album and debuted new material at the 6 Music Festival.
CCTV footage shows the intensity of the tornado as it battered Amory High School in Mississippi.
BBC Scotland's Lucy Adams still suffers from the effects of long Covid and wants to know why.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The Undeniable Street View project provides a 360-degree tour of Ukraine's destroyed infrastructure.
US Vice-President Kamala Harris embarks on a tour of the continent amid fierce competition for influence.
Polls suggest she is in a tight race with centre-right Petteri Orpo and right-wing populist Riikka Purra.
BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty looks at Bukayo Saka's impact in England's 2-0 win over Ukraine.
Antonio Conte's departure as Tottenham manager was a mere formality once he concluded his incendiary unmasking of his squad's frailties, writes Phil McNulty.
As Antonio Conte's Tottenham tenure comes to an end after a volatile 16 months, BBC Sport looks at how the Italian's reign unravelled.
Northern Ireland are left to rue missed chances and a disallowed goal as Finland deliver an early blow to their Euro 2024 qualification hopes with a 1-0 win in Belfast.
Rachel Daly and Alisha Lehmann both strike twice as Aston Villa put the Women's Super League's bottom side Leicester to the sword at Villa Park.
England all-rounder Nat Sciver-Brunt hits an unbeaten 60 as Mumbai Indians beat Delhi Capitals to claim the first Women's Premier League champions.
Watch as 18-year-old Ilia Malinin lands a quadruple axel for the first time on the world stage at the World Figure Skating Championships in Saitama, Japan.
Humza Yousaf faces several challenges as he takes over as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister.
Clearview AI has been used by the police nearly a million times in the US, it tells the BBC.
His proposed changes provoked an outpouring of anger from nearly all parts of Israeli society.
A man suing Gwyneth Paltrow over a ski crash says it sounded "like someone was out of control".
Schools in England could face further strikes, as the NEU is unhappy with the government's offer.
Chocolate is among food products that have seen record rises in March, ahead of the Easter holiday.
Mercury, Jupiter, Venus, Uranus, Mars and the Moon aligned in an arc across the evening sky.
The first 18 of the cutting-edge tanks are sent, amid reports UK Challenger 2s have also arrived.
The PCS union said 130,000 members voted to strike on 28 April in a continued row over pay, pensions and job security.
Liz says she is "proud" to have brought the action against the man who raped her as a teenager.
Authorities say nine men survived a collapsed gold mine in South Kivu.
Plans for a government-backed digital token, ordered to be created by Rishi Sunak, have been axed.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people can get extra help with energy bills.
With one in five people now renting in the UK, it's important to understand your rights as a tenant.
Dennis Jackson, 84, will hang up his apron on 8 April and says it will be an emotional day.
Tuesday's newspapers include the new SNP leader and the government's anti-social behaviour crackdown.
Taken all together, Kim Jong Un's tests in the past fortnight have concerned analysts.
Israel is facing one of the biggest internal crises in its history - here's why.
How is laughing gas used and what does it do to your body?
Paltrow's accuser Terry Sanderson will testify on Monday, as will three members of her family,
An unnamed creator became the first case to be known to the media, but it's not a new phenomenon.
The prince's appearance at London’s High Court took many by surprise.
The WWE star, who recently had skin cancer treatment, says she should have avoided tanning beds.
A collectivist culture and the lack of pressure on social media companies have made online abuse rampant.
Afghan teenage girls describe feeling "broken" at being barred from attending school under Taliban rule.
The football TV host says had "a tear in my eye" after his co-presenters supported him over BBC row.
France is removing not only TikTok but all "recreational" applications from government devices.
Taking part in a Kyoto university tradition, it took him three months to grow a beard for the look.
The Duke of Sussex is at the High Court as legal proceedings begin in a phone-tapping and privacy case.
Hundreds of families have refused to give up looking for loved ones, whether they find them dead or alive.
The Lord of the Rings star, who is a goodwill ambassador for Unicef, also met President Zelensky.
The singer-songwriter says she will show her love of bands like My Bloody Valentine on her second LP.
Participants of the song contest begin the build-up to Liverpool by performing for fans across Europe.
BBC Newsbeat gets help from a very special guest to give the drive-time host the perfect send-off.
Website and app Rumble says it offers an uncensored rival to the likes of YouTube and Twitter.
The coin features Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and completes the collection.
A town in the southern Indian state of Kerala is grappling with the consequences of an ageing society.
Antonio Conte has thanked Tottenham's fans for their "support and appreciation", adding he welcomed those at the club who shared his passion for football.
The Republic of Ireland make a losing start to Euro 2024 qualifying as Benjamin Pavard's superb second-half goal gives France victory in Dublin.
After announcing his decision to retire later this year, Tom English profiles the compelling, complex and unsparingly honest Stuart Hogg.
For generations of locals, Nazare's giant waves meant only death and danger to locals. Now, they have fuelled a big-wave surfing boom in the town.
Celtic head coach Fran Alonso appeared to be headbutted by a member of the Rangers coaching staff in the aftermath of a dramatic 1-1 draw in the Scottish Women's Premier League.
Ireland's Johnny Sexton is "likely" to miss the rest of the season after suffering a groin injury.
Humza Yousaf has called on the party to unite behind him after he was elected as new leader of the SNP.
The election of Humza Yousaf gives the SNP a softer political landing than a Kate Forbes victory.
Humza Yousaf will face a vote in the Scottish Parliament on Tuesday before being confirmed as the country's sixth first minister.
He was widely seen as the preferred candidate of the SNP establishment - including Nicola Sturgeon.
As she prepares to leave office, what do the numbers tell us about Ms Sturgeon's record on the key issues?
Just 29% of Britons say they are satisfied, citing waiting times and lack of staff as key concerns.
Police say the parents felt the suspect should not own weapons, but did not realise guns were in the house.
Her departure came hours after SNP leader Humza Yousaf was confirmed as Scotland's new first minister.
The government's advisors urge a "step change" in climate adaptation policy to avoid an increased risk to life.
The Dutch city targets UK men aged 18-35 in an ad campaign aimed at changing its reputation.
Sensational Scotland take a seismic leap in their bid for consecutive European Championships by stunning Spain in a heroic triumph.
The government has promised to make it easier for victims of crime in England and Wales to get justice.
The Duke of Sussex is bringing a legal case alongside six other claimants, including Sir Elton John.
The move follows a rise in dissident republican activity, including a gun attack on a top policeman.
The PM says plans to detain and deport families and minors will help reduce small boat crossings.
Nasa satellites detected an explosion two billion light-years away which lit up the galaxy.
Alexei Moskalev was investigated after his daughter drew an anti-war picture at school.
ChatGPT-style AI will have a large impact but new jobs could emerge, a Goldman Sachs report says.
Wednesday's headlines include new plans to house migrants on cruise ships and fresh cash for the NHS.
Humza Yousaf won a majority of votes from MSPs to become the country's sixth first minister.
Farouk Abdulhak, who fled to Yemen after the death of a student in London, admits his involvement.
The Jewish state is at a critical point as opposing sides seek to shape its future.
For generations of locals, Nazare's giant waves meant only death and danger. Now, they have fuelled a big-wave surfing boom in the town.
The ex-Labour leader's long political career hangs in the balance after being stopped from standing as an MP.
"We are working on it," says the star, who sits on the awards' board of trustees.
The new tunnel under the River Thames in London is 25km long was built at a cost of almost £5bn.
Companies pay tiny amounts for recyclable waste in Beirut. Deiri Fayyad dives into bins to find it.
BBC Newsbeat spent a week finding out what youth voters think about big issues in Scottish politics.
Exhaustion, fist fights and no money: A new book, Reach For The Stars, uncovers pop's dirty secrets.
Former Sinn Féin president says he only recently realised how difficult it was for the UUP leader.
Videos demonstrating the 1960s lift at the University of Essex have been watched millions of times.
A trial in London used existing street cameras to help an autonomous car navigate city streets.
If you want to close your street over the bank holiday weekend, you need to get your application in soon.
Scotland delivered a performance for the ages to vanquish a new-look Spain on an unforgettable night at Hampden, writes Tom English.
Wales maintain their good start to Euro 2024 qualifying as Kieffer Moore's header gives them a 1-0 win over Latvia and puts them top of Group D.
Anthony Joshua wants to fight Tyson Fury and says the WBC champion can "redeem himself" after failing to reach an agreement with Oleksandr Usyk for an undisputed bout.
The International Olympic Committee recommends that Russian and Belarusian athletes are allowed to compete under a neutral flag - but has yet to make a decision on Paris 2024.
Republic of Ireland and Wigan player James McClean reveals he is autistic during World Autism Acceptance Week.
Spain's world number one Carlos Alcaraz defeats American Tommy Paul in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Miami Open.
Kyren Wilson says speaking openly about his son Bailey's health issues has "freed" him up to enjoy playing snooker again.
Humza Yousaf faces several challenges as he takes over as SNP leader and Scotland's first minister.
He was widely seen as the preferred candidate of the SNP establishment - including Nicola Sturgeon.
The King promises to "strengthen" relations with the country and says they stand together on Ukraine.
The King joked with his hosts as he impressed with his language skills at a lavish banquet.
The pontiff, 86, will stay in hospital for a few days but does not have Covid, the Vatican says.
The move will cut down on the use of private hotels, immigration minister Robert Jenrick says.
The Duke of Sussex and six others are bringing a legal case against Associated Newspapers.
The Queen Consort says the late broadcaster's "infectious humour lit up the lives of so many".
The Sabrina The Teenage Witch actress says she was near Monday's deadly Nashville school shooting.
Airports and airlines say they have enough staff to cope as they expect near 2019 levels of travel.
Elon Musk among those calling for training in powerful artificial intelligence to be suspended.
Julian Knight, who was suspended as a Tory MP over the case, had always denied the allegations.
Kirkpatrick Virgo attacked Thomas Parker after an argument over music being played on their train.
Renters tell the BBC how they have been evicted for complaining about the state of their homes.
Use our interactive tool to find out what the average rent is in your area.
From being first in the queue to being more flexible, here are some tips on how to get ahead in the rental race.
Stand-ups share what it is like to make a living - and make people laugh - amid a cost of living crisis.
Thursday's front pages include tributes to TV star and comedian Paul O'Grady.
Christopher Alder's sister on fighting for answers about her brother's death and burial mix-up.
O'Grady was preparing to go on stage in 1987 when a police officer burst into his dressing room.
The government has until the end of March to come up with a revised net zero strategy.
Spencer Greiner saw the camera poking out of the mud and posted photos it contained on social media.
Tegan finds the "life-saving" stranger who pulled her from the track just before a train arrived.
Finished in 1986, the Bataan plant in the Philippines has never produced a kilowatt of electricity.
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Dmitry Muratov is looking for hope in his country's younger generation.
Critics of the government say a legacy of asylum mismanagement means problems are stacking up.
Kelsie Grieg became the first female to qualify for the Call of Duty Challengers Elite tournament.
Baroness Boothroyd, who served as Commons Speaker from 1992 to 2000, died aged 93 in late February.
Humza Yousaf has made history as the first Muslim to lead a country in western Europe.
The fastest bank run in US history was enabled by the speed of social media combined with digital banking.
Voters in parts of England and in Northern Ireland will be able to elect new councillors in May.
Jane Wurwand, who co-founded the skincare brand Dermalogica, shares her advice for our CEO Secrets series.
Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall says his side's performance in the League Cup final showed their potential - then they took it to Europe.
Tottenham managing director Fabio Paratici may have to step away from his role after Fifa extended his ban worldwide.
Laura Muir and Jemma Reekie have unexpectedly cut short their altitude training camp, leaving long-term coach Andy Young in South Africa.
Gaelic football has been an unlikely source of joy, adventure and boundary-breaking change for young people in Cambodia.
A host of international athletes criticise IOC president Thomas Bach's claim that Russians and Belarusians competing as neutrals in their sport "works".
Briton Anthony Joshua says now is "the worst time" to face him in the ring and describes the current heavyweight landscape as a "shambles".
Mr Trump, the first serving or former US president to face a criminal charge, denies wrongdoing.
Findings could be the tip of the iceberg, watchdog says, as some likened fire service to a boys' club.
The bloc includes nations such as Japan and Australia, but the UK's economy will only get a small boost.
Years before Olivia Pratt-Korbel was killed, shock at 11-year-old Rhys Jones's death seemed a turning point.
Thomas Cashman, 34, is convicted of shooting nine-year-old Olivia Pratt-Korbel dead in her home.
Some fans complained that an area of a sold-out gig at the Liverpool arena in November felt unsafe.
God of War: Ragnarok takes the most prizes, but Vampire Survivors is the surprise best game winner.
Last-ditch talks between Heathrow Airport and the Unite union representing security guards break down.
As government energy support for business falls from 1 April, firms are warning of the impact of high bills
Lawyers for the prince and others reject Associated Newspapers' argument they left it too long to sue.
Sport and BBC Four are among the areas to have fewer hours of original coverage to save money.
Colletta Smith tells you - in one minute - about changes to the discounts and payments available.
Millions of households across the UK will see a sharp increase in council tax bills in April.
How are rising interest rates changing the housing market around the UK?
The government is set to confirm the planned state pension age rise to 68 will not be brought forward.
A jury finding Thomas Cashman guilty of murdering Olivia Pratt-Korbel dominates Friday's headlines.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
How the indie supergroup smashed conventions and defied expectations on their debut album.
Philippe Petit is famous for his daring performances such as walking between the Twin Towers in New York.
There has been a blizzard of publicity surrounding the actress's recent trial in Utah.
The artificial intelligence ChatGPT can write computer code, but its help comes with many potential problems.
More than 1.3 million Thais have fallen ill this year from a spike in extreme air pollution.
This week's shooting in Nashville has highlighted the small cohort of people in the US who have been caught up in multiple mass shootings.
Pablo Escobar imported hippos to Colombia in the 1980s, but they now pose a growing problem.
A blood test which can detect cancer cells could spare patients unnecessary chemotherapy.
Doris the cow's reluctance to get up early to be milked is captured by an Isle of Wight farmhand.
Tegan finds the "life-saving" stranger who pulled her from the track just before a train arrived.
Dmitry Muratov says Russian propaganda is preparing people to think nuclear war isn't a bad thing.
There were tense moments - and an apology for a 2019 remark - at the trial over a ski crash in Utah.
The government has announced its revised net zero strategy.
Chelsea are through to the Women's Champions League semi-finals following a dramatic penalty shootout in a monumental victory over holders Lyon at Stamford Bridge
The Premier League tightens its ownership rules to ensure anyone found to have committed human rights abuses cannot run a club.
Manchester United owe £969.6m through a combination of gross debt, bank borrowings and outstanding transfer fees with associated payments, according to new figures.
Lewis Hamilton says "it could take a long time" before Mercedes can compete again with Red Bull.
Watch as the "hero of the game" fixes a "catastrophic" broken net during the Dallas Mavericks versus the Philadelphia 76ers game in the NBA.
Australian duo Jai Field and Bevan French prove the difference as Wigan overpower local rivals Leigh Leopards.
England fast bowler Jofra Archer is unlikely to play any red-ball cricket before the start of the Ashes in June.
A 'critical incident' has been declared due to high levels of coach traffic at the French border control.
The former US president is to fly from Florida and turn himself in while surrounded by federal agents.
A range of bills - from council tax to water - are going up, but the lowest earners also get a pay rise.
The Duke listened and took written notes as his court fight with Associated Newspapers began.
A Romanian appeals court orders the Tates and two associates to be moved to house arrest.
The bodies of Gary and Josh Dunmore were found in separate villages in Cambridgeshire on Wednesday.
Some five million people in England are eligible for a spring booster, including those aged 75 and over.
HRT can help with menopausal symptoms. If you're thinking about taking it, here's what you need to consider.
In the deadliest incident, a house and barn were swept into the sea on the island of Reinøya.
The BBC's Daniela Relph looks back on King Charles' first overseas visit as monarch.
Paul Hinchcliffe's victims tells a court the officer's actions destroyed her trust in the police.
How are rising interest rates changing the housing market around the UK?
The state visit to Germany has proved to be a success despite the inauspicious postponed start.
A police officer helped ducklings cross the road and gained a new nickname in the process.
As she left court after being cleared, Gwyneth Paltrow paused to speak to the man who sued her.
The rapper explains how a voice note from cousin Michaela Coel pushed him to turn the ordeal into art.
Trans man Teddy is a musical theatre performer recording differences in his voice as he transitions.
Philippe Petit is famous for his daring performances such as walking between the Twin Towers in New York.
Hunger striker Vahid Beheshti says he will keep up his action against the UK government over Iran.
The divisive nature of the Yorkshire racism hearings were a distraction from the real issues facing the game, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Leicester Tigers hold off a spirited Edinburgh to win 16-6 and book their place in the quarter-finals of the Champions Cup.
Burnley survive a scare to extend their lead at the top of the Championship with a goalless draw at home to Sunderland.
A bulked-up Anthony Joshua weighed in at a career-heavy 18st 3lb (115.7kg) for Saturday's heavyweight contest against Jermaine Franklin at London's O2 Arena.
Watch Hunter Renfroe's "ridiculous" no-look catch on his debut for the Los Angeles Angels in their season opener against the Oakland Athletics.
A new six-year deal is agreed between the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) and the nation's four professional teams.
Former US President Donald Trump is being charged with a crime. Here is what the case is about.
The former president's alleged night with a porn actress has turned into a mammoth legal battle.
As the former president faces arrest on criminal charges, here is what you need to know.
Alvin Bragg made history when he took office last year; his spotlight is about to get much brighter.
How will the former US President handle his courthouse entry?
It can be difficult to keep track of the ex-president's legal battles - here's what you need to know.
The port hopes the additional services will help it clear queues of traffic by midday on Sunday.
Two of the men were arrested on 11 January, a humanitarian organisation has confirmed.
The women seem to have been attacked for not wearing the hijab properly in public, which is illegal.
Ukraine's foreign minister said Russia leading the UN Security Council is "the worst joke ever".
Anthony Joshua returns to winning ways with a unanimous points victory over Jermaine Franklin at London's O2 Arena.
At least 21 people have been killed after a series of tornadoes tore through several US states.
Police were called after "suspicious" behaviour near the residence of the Scottish first minister.
Judy Blume says banning books "has become political... it's worse than it was in the 80s".
The film-maker, who won an Oscar for Women Talking, got a letter asking her to "mail it back".
The BBC's Lucy Williamson is outside the compound where Andrew Tate and brother Tristan are confined.
Ministers in England want to "make polluters pay" after more than 300,000 spills in waterways last year.
Activists plotting to sabotage the Grand National have been reported to police, the Mail on Sunday reports.
Should we worry about artificial intelligence, or embrace the possibilities it brings, asks Laura Kuenssberg.
The Dutch government is hosting 900 migrants and asylum seekers on the Silja Europa passenger ship.
Ken Buchanan was of Leith and Edinburgh, but he was one of the most accomplished fighters the cruellest sport has ever known, writes Tom English.
The BBC's new education programme, Dars, is aimed at Afghan children who are banned from school.
A range of bills - from council tax to water - are going up, but the lowest earners also get a pay rise.
How criminals seemingly working for North Korea were able to plunder cashpoints in 28 countries.
Amateurs as well as TV crews filmed the tornadoes sweeping across several states.
Clubs to have their logos rejigged include Manchester City, Chelsea, West Ham, Forest, Ipswich and Norwich.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken in the past seven days.
One of the last UK coal-fired power stations has closed and could make way for a fusion reactor.
The state visit to Germany has proved to be a success despite the inauspicious postponed start.
Graham Potter accepts responsibility for Chelsea failings but former striker Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink supports him.
Triple Olympic champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce runs in her son's school sports day parents' race - with predictable results.
Leeds fans could have been forgiven for fearing the worst after watching Gabriel Jesus open the scoring for Arsenal at Emirates Stadium on Saturday.
Wales once again break Scottish hearts after edging a breathless Six Nations encounter in Edinburgh.
England are missing 19 players but are overwhelming favourites to beat Italy in the Women's Six Nations on Sunday.
England fast bowler Mark Wood takes five wickets as Lucknow Super Giants beat Delhi Capitals by 50 runs in the Indian Premier League.
Alan Shearer analyses Jack Grealish's performance in Manchester City's 4-1 win over Liverpool and says he is one of the champions' "most important players at the moment".
US voters tell the BBC how they feel about the historic indictment of a former US president.
The adult film star pops the champagne as she says orders for T-shirts and other gear are "pouring in".
A bomb blast in a St Petersburg cafe kills Russian Vladlen Tatarsky, who blogged from the Ukraine frontline.
After a dramatic three-way race, Petteri Orpo claims victory in Finland's election.
The former president says he will address supporters in Florida after his Tuesday court hearing in New York.
Survivors launch landmark legal case against conspiracy theorist for defamation and harassment.
Afghanistan's government is running an aggressive campaign to remove drug users from the streets.
Paul Mescal and Jodie Comer win the main acting prizes while My Neighbour Totoro wins six awards.
Parents tell of children waiting on coaches for more than 12 hours, but the port says the situation is easing.
The home secretary is challenged over evidence that refugees were shot dead by police there in 2018.
Chelsea sack manager Graham Potter after less than seven months in charge of the Premier League club.
Kevin Cornwell, 53, and an unnamed man were said to have spoken "freely" during the phone call.
Radio 4 announcer Susan Rae was diagnosed last year and her sons launched an appeal to fund her care.
Ministers plan to compel teachers and social workers to flag up signs of abuse - or face sanctions.
Brent Crude jumps by more than $5 a barrel after a group of oil exporters say they will cut production.
Soaring food prices mean some families are missing meals and desperate for deals, but preparation can help.
Monday's papers focus on the PM's plans to tackle grooming gangs - and Jodie Comer's Olivier Award.
Watch as 5 Live commentator Steve Bunce removes his headphones to hold Tony Bellew back during a ringside scuffle after the Anthony Joshua v Jermaine Franklin fight.
President Putin rules virtually unchallenged, with opponents forced to leave Russia - or worse.
The BBC's Lucy Williamson looks at the compound where Andrew Tate and brother Tristan are confined.
Donald Trump called on his supporters to protest about his indictment - so how are they responding?
Bill Wilson wants better understanding of dementia after losing his wife Jo to the disease.
After Anthony Joshua's comfortable yet underwhelming win over Jermaine Franklin, BBC Sport looks at what's next for him.
Ex-BBC journalist Laura Trevelyan says it's possible her family owned Clive Lewis's ancestors.
Americans are dying from fentanyl overdoses at an alarming rate. But the tragic story begins further south.
LIV Golf commissioner Greg Norman says he is getting "goosebumps" thinking about one of his players winning the Masters.
England continued their dominant start to the Women's Six Nations with an 12-try victory against Italy at Northampton's Franklin's Gardens.
Lionel Messi's name is met by whistles from some Paris St-Germain fans before they fall to a seventh defeat of 2023 against Lyon.
England limited-overs captain Jos Buttler strikes 54 off 22 balls as Rajasthan Royals beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 72 runs in the Indian Premier League.
BBC Sport looks at some of the title-winning managers who are currently out of work and could interest Chelsea after Graham Potter's sacking.
Brendan Rodgers' sacking by Leicester represents a fall from grace for both manager & club, says BBC Sport's Phil McNulty.
Olivia's mother pays tribute to her "sassy, chatty" daughter as Thomas Cashman is jailed for murder.
New York's mayor issued a warning to what he termed "rabble rousers" to control their "misplaced anger".
The head of probation tells BBC News more men could help in some cases, including domestic abuse.
Best known for his role as chancellor during the 1980s, Lord Lawson held key posts under Margaret Thatcher.
He was one of Britain's longest-serving chancellors who presided over the 1980s economic boom.
Passengers at London City Airport can take two litres of liquids and electronics in their hand luggage.
In a video likely filmed under duress, Darya Trepova says she handed over a statuette that blew up.
Timothy Schofield, 54, is found guilty of 11 charges of sexual activity with a child.
Members of the National Education Union in England will strike on Thursday 27 April and Tuesday 2 May.
The environment minister says she will ban wet wipes but critics say it barely tackles the problem.
Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio takes the stand as a witness in the trial of rapper Pras Michel.
Shannon Bowe, 28, from Denny, near Falkirk, died on Saturday while undergoing weight loss surgery.
The BBC's analysis editor looks at whether post-Brexit checks are to blame for Port of Dover disruption.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people can get extra help with energy bills.
In a matter of months, a food hub in Peterborough has seen the number needing help grow seven-fold.
Tuesday's papers focus on the sentence for Olivia's killer and the death of the Thatcher-era chancellor.
A widely-tracked flight from Florida to New York preceded the former US president's appearance in court.
Darya Trepova seems to be an opponent of the invasion, but friends say she was not radical.
Residents are thinking of suing a housing association after efforts to raise the alarm were ignored.
Schools in England could close as more teacher strikes are announced.
Scientist Alan Jamieson explains how his team captured footage 8,336m (27,349ft) under water.
How will the strike by Passport Office workers affect passport renewals?
The star, who picked up an Olivier honour on Sunday, says he's "shocked" by some West End tickets.
The phenomenon was seen just days after a series of tornadoes ripped through several US states, including Illinois.
Was Hannah Waddingham a success as host, and why did Beverley Knight compare herself to John Cleese?
Seymour Stein was regarded as one of the most legendary talent spotters in the music business.
A new Netflix show looks at the pressure he put himself under to produce a second successful album.
Four out of the top 10 most downloaded free mobile apps in the US and UK are Chinese-owned.
Michael Keane scores a stunning long-range strike to salvage a Premier League draw for Everton against Tottenham in a game that saw both sides finish with 10 men.
Chennai Super Kings bounce back from their opening-game IPL defeat to beat Lucknow Super Giants by 12 runs.
LIV Golf players need to play well at the Masters this week to to stamp out the notion "they don't play real golf", says Open champion Cam Smith.
A spectacular untamed talent, Gianluigi Lentini became the most expensive player in the world in 1992. But lust, luck and a determination to live life to his own rules derailed his top-level career.
Chelsea interim boss Bruno Saltor says it has been a "difficult 24 hours for all of us" after Graham Potter's sacking.
Gary Lineker explains why the referee refused to give away the El Clasico match ball as he relives his hat-trick against Real Madrid.
Stan Moody, 16, earns the first of four wins needed to reach the World Championship with victory in the first round of qualifying.
Children are at risk because police are slow to follow up evidence of abuse, the police watchdog finds.
Eight out of 10 businesses pay men more than women, despite a continued push for equality.
Money from the Bowelbabe fund will go to research into the prevention and treatment of bowel cancer.
The title "Queen Camilla" is officially used on invitations to next month's coronation at Westminster Abbey.
Bedridden Kathleen Poole faces a "disgraceful" attempt to deport her to the UK, her family say.
The Green Party of England and Wales wants housebuilders to pay more towards local services.
Prince William says it is an honour to welcome the ex-PM of New Zealand to his Earthshot prize.
Transport Focus said the cap on bus fares attracted more users amid rising cost of living.
Lola James died after suffering a "catastrophic" head injury at the hands of Kyle Bevan.
Ailsa explains what it is like facing progressive MS and hopes the new Octopus trial can help her.
The Belgian singer, known for Alors On Danse, is cancelling all his European tour dates until the end of May.
A group of Nepalese men who worked guarding UK officials in Kabul are being made to leave the UK.
Now the indictment against the former US president has been unsealed, here is what you need to know.
Mr Trump's lawyers have vowed to try everything possible to get the case thrown out before trial.
The former Playboy model is mentioned in the indictment against the former president.
Donald Trump had an unprecedented day in New York City, pleading not guilty to 34 felony charges.
The New York judge is no stranger to the drama the former US president brings to the courtroom.
Donald Trump is the first former US President to be arrested on criminal charges.
A who's who look at the people sitting front and centre at Donald Trump's arraignment.
The former US president arrived surrounded by a team of Secret Service members.
Former US President Donald Trump is charged with 34 felony counts. Here is what the case is about.
Many questions are still unanswered about the charges the former US president could be facing.
BBC Food's money saving tips for making Easter weekend extra special.
The new financial year can bring an increase in many costs from wages to business rates.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people can get extra help with energy bills.
Wednesday's papers are dominated by Donald Trump's historic arrest and what it means for the US.
Iranian protesters say eyes are being deliberately shot at - but even the blinded show defiance.
President Tsai Ing-wen will meet the US House Speaker Kevin McCarthy as tensions soar between US and China.
The film star expects more gaming adaptations in future and predicts a Red Dead Redemption movie.
New footage has emerged from the venue where a pro-Kremlin blogger was killed by a bomb.
Tight supply as owners hold back could keep pressure on home prices in the US.
Home Secretary Suella Braverman made several comments about the ethnicity of some high-profile gangs.
Dwayne Johnson announces a live action remake of Moana just seven years after its animated release.
Chelsea begin life after Graham Potter with a goalless draw against a much-changed Liverpool side in the Premier League.
Former England centre Luther Burrell says he is "proud" and has "a sense of closure" after an RFU investigation finds his claims of racism in rugby union were true.
Five-time champion Tiger Woods says he cannot be discounted as a Masters contender even if his mobility is not "where he would like it" to be.
Leeds claim a huge victory in their quest to remain in the Premier League as they came from behind to beat relegation rivals Nottingham Forest and move out of the bottom three.
Evan Ferguson's superb backheel and Julio Enciso's first Brighton goal earn victory at Bournemouth to boost the Seagulls' Premier League top-four chances.
British boxer Amir Khan is banned for two years after an anti-doping test revealed the presence of a banned substance following his fight against Kell Brook in February 2022.
About 90 officers have moved from serious crime and counter-terror teams to investigate police wrongdoing.
BBC Newsnight has been mapping the cost - in men and machinery - for Russia's "elite" 331st regiment
The husband of former first minister Nicola Sturgeon was arrested on Wednesday morning.
Scott Benton refers himself to a standards watchdog after being filmed offering to lobby ministers.
Olaparib specifically targets cancers caused by faulty genes, like BRCA, and could be life-saving.
A video shows a cat jumping on the shoulders of an imam during Taraweeh prayers inside a mosque.
Kathleen Poole, a British 74-year-old care home resident, was facing deportation from Sweden.
The plan - a first for the UK - is criticised for being "completely inadequate" by refugee groups.
Conservative Party members pick Suella Braverman to be their candidate for a new constituency.
The US president will not be attending the coronation of the monarch in London in May.
Australian sporting hero Peter Bol's case could cast doubt on some anti-doping tests, experts say.
The 43-year-old tech guru died after being stabbed on a San Francisco street, his family says.
Klaus Teuber, the dental assistant-turned board game designer, died after a short illness aged 70.
Thursday's papers feature the former SNP CEO's arrest and reports no new smart motorways will be built.
All 37 countries have now submitted their entries. But which are the gems and what are the duds?
From King George III to King Charles III, the invites capture hundreds of years of royal history.
Lighthouse separates people from loved ones and harasses critics, an 18-month BBC investigation finds.
Donald Trump is the first ex-US president to face charges but ex-leaders elsewhere have stood trial.
Iranian protesters say eyes are being deliberately shot at - but even the blinded show defiance.
Tony Summer's son Paul died, aged 44, in 2008 after contracting HIV and hepatitis C in his teens.
Social media went into overdrive following the release of a new trailer for the forthcoming film.
The bus is going to travel around villages to provide help for battle casualties and the sick.
Yan Tee, 28, says she found her Instagram images on fast fashion giant Shein's website.
Newcastle capitalise on poor West Ham defending to hit five goals at London Stadium and pile more pressure on David Moyes.
Manchester United climb back into the Premier League's top four by overcoming Brentford at Old Trafford.
Frank Lampard is set to be appointed interim Chelsea manager until the end of the season - just over two years after the club sacked him.
Rory McIlroy and Scottie Scheffler are two of the favourites as the world's best golfers prepare to start the 87th Masters at Augusta National on Thursday.
Karim Benzema scores a second-half hat-trick as Real Madrid rout Barcelona to reach the Copa del Rey final.
Proposals to alter the structure of domestic cricket are "dead in the water", says England and Wales Cricket Board chief executive Richard Gould.
Gabby Logan, Leon Osman and Dion Dublin analyse Marcus Rashford's performance as he scores the winning goal in Manchester United's 1-0 home win over Brentford.
The former president is accused of falsifying business records relating to a hush money payment.
Mr Trump's face is stamped on front pages around the world. Read how other countries saw his arrest.
Now the indictment against the former US president has been unsealed, here is what you need to know.
Donald Trump had an unprecedented day in New York City, pleading not guilty to 34 felony charges.
The former Playboy model is mentioned in support of the indictment against the former president.
The former US president speaks out after his arrest for 34 felony counts related to business fraud.
Mr Trump's lawyers have vowed to try everything possible to get the case thrown out before trial.
Northern Ireland is marking 25 years since the Good Friday Agreement which ended decades of conflict.
A report says President Biden was "severely constrained", but implies evacuations could have begun sooner.
Five people are also known to have been injured in the fire in east London, and taken to hospital.
England beat Brazil in a dramatic penalty shootout to win the first Women's Finalissima and extend their unbeaten run to 30 games.
Dylan Davies's hundreds of VAT bills for companies he had never heard of totalled £500,000.
Toby Burwell, 17, is believed to have got into difficulty while swimming in a quarry.
Some hold-ups on the roads are expected, as fine and settled weather is forecast across the UK.
Dr Martin Hanbury tells BBC he quit his role this week concerned it could cause "more harm than good."
Fawziyah Javed was killed by Kashif Anwar after telling her mother she was going to leave him.
The MP was suspended by the Tories after being filmed offering to lobby ministers for a fake company.
An invitation to address the Stormont assembly has also been turned down, BBC News NI understands.
Hospital officials say he has a chronic form of blood cancer after he is rushed to hospital in Milan.
Renters in Blackpool tell the BBC they're struggling while living in flats which have poor energy efficiency ratings.
Friday's papers feature travel disruption and King Charles's support for new slavery research.
Bureaucracy, isolation and government mistakes all led to a woman lying dead in her London flat for two years.
The decline of the "elite" 331st regiment can be measured in loss to machinery and personnel.
The BBC's Ione Wells explains, in a minute, the new rules in England ahead of local elections on 4 May.
Bethannie Booth's family want others to be aware of the symptoms of the deadly infection.
The Russian girl was taken away from her father after her school reported the picture to the authorities.
The family of Dame Deborah James pay tribute to her after a fund started by her reaches £11.3m.
All 37 countries have now submitted their entries. But which are the gems and what are the duds?
There were almost 88,000 complaints against offers in England and Wales in the year to March 2022.
The BBC has been given exclusive access to the UK's first female-only residential gambling treatment centre.
A former Pentonville inmate explains what life is like at the jail, where the population is soaring.
The global B Corp business accreditation scheme rewards firms that behave ethically.
Rory McIlroy makes another slow start as his latest quest for an elusive Masters title saw him finish seven shots off the lead after day one.
Conceding a late equaliser and dealing with the pressures of a penalty shootout at Wembley Stadium - this was the test England needed and they passed it.
Watch the best shots from day one of the 2023 Masters, featuring last year's champion Scottie Scheffler and joint leaders Jon Rahm and Brooks Koepka.
As Napoli close in on a first Serie A title since the days of Diego Maradona, Neapolitans are feeling proud, passionate and primed to party.
Ferrari say Red Bull's strong start to the season is partly due to their being given a "very light" punishment for breaking Formula 1's budget cap.
Jimmy White's bid to return to the World Championship ends in the second round of qualifying as he loses to Martin O'Donnell at the English Institute of Sport in Sheffield.
It comes after two British-Israeli sisters were killed in a shooting in the occupied West Bank.
S Club 7 were one of the biggest acts of the early 2000s and had announced a comeback tour.
A couple who created a lockdown food delivery service said it was "humbling" to be invited.
The threat comes days after Disney CEO called the governor's actions anti-business and anti-Florida.
Play is suspended on day two of the Masters after trees fall across the 17th tee at Augusta because of storms.
An ad saying Rishi Sunak does not think child abusers should be jailed attracts cross-party criticism.
The BBC understands the accountants resigned before the former SNP chief was arrested this week.
Evan Gershkovich, who was arrested last week, categorically rejects the accusations, reports say.
Clarence Thomas says guidelines were followed after a report revealed vacations funded by a billionaire.
Broadway star Laura Benanti says she knew it was happening before performing for 2,000 people.
Vincent Kompany's Burnley secure promotion back to the Premier League at the first attempt with a victory over Middlesbrough.
A teenager is held on suspicion of murder after a 14-year-old girl dies in east London.
Friday's papers feature coronation invites for charity workers and a shooting in the West Bank.
A coroner describes three bereaved families' campaign over poor care as "remarkable".
What drove the Iordache family to make a desperate bid to reach the US from Canada?
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The deadly stabbing of Cash App founder sparks doubt and pessimism over future of famous US city.
The singer speaks to the BBC's Eurovisioncast about the year he has had since representing the UK.
Jason deCaires Taylor built the world's first underwater gallery in the wake of 2004's Hurricane Ivan.
Find out if there is an election where you live.
Rory McIlroy's dreams of landing the Masters look to be over this year after a stormy day at Augusta saw fans avoid injury from falling trees.
Leinster score seven tries against Leicester to become the first side into this season's Heineken Champions Cup semi-finals.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta expects the atmosphere away to Liverpool on Sunday to be like a "jungle".
Rangers boss Michael Beale must conjure a plan to end the "merciless consistency" of Ange Postecoglou's Celtic, says BBC Scotland’s chief sports writer Tom English.
British heavyweight Anthony Joshua says he will not leave it as long as nine months for his next fight after his recent win over Jermaine Franklin.
Tiger Woods, Cameron Smith and Viktor Hovland star in the best shots of day two at the Masters where play was suspended early after trees fell in stormy weather at Augusta National in Georgia.
Two generations, pre and post-Good Friday Agreement, travel across Belfast to discuss attitude changes.
The 1998 deal was designed to end 30 years of bloody conflict in Northern Ireland.
Former BBC political editor Stephen Grimason recalls breaking the news of a deal on Good Friday 1998.
Ahead of the deal's 25th anniversary, we look back on the twists and turns of the year leading up to it.
Twenty-five years on from the Good Friday peace deal, Brian Rowan asks who will want to talk truth.
Maia and Rina Dee, who lived in the settlement of Efrat, were shot dead in their car on Friday.
Many junior doctors are set to take part in a four-day walkout after the Easter weekend as part of an ongoing pay dispute.
A squad will be set up to ensure shops in England do not sell the products to children.
Charlotte Mills-Murray, 34, said decisions over her home care had been repeatedly delayed.
Ben Ferencz was just 27 when he convicted 22 Nazi officials for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Dario Gambarin used a tractor to create the portrait on wasteland in Italy.
Nicola Sturgeon has vowed to "fully co-operate with police" after the arrest of her husband.
Police say women seen not covering their hair will receive texts warning them of consequences.
The boats, carrying more than 80 people total, had been attempting to cross to Italy.
Wolves say three arrests have been made after homophobic chants were heard during Saturday's Premier League victory over Chelsea at Molineux.
Nobody has claimed responsibility for the attacks that left 44 dead, but jihadist violence in the northern Sahel is common.
The former co-host of the Frank Skinner radio show was taken off life support on Friday.
Roy Henry says the host he booked with tried to raise the price from £465 to more than £2,000.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
The government has announced changes to tax rules, meaning millions of people will pay more.
No one story dominates the Sunday papers, however, a couple of the headlines look ahead to King Charles' coronation next month.
How an activist documented Russia's war dead by counting graves - and was forced to flee by sinister threats.
Leicester Cathedral is believed to have England's first fully-female clergy team at the helm.
Drummer Lars Ulrich on his tea-drinking habit, buying a vinyl factory and Metallica's new album.
What a driver's licence discarded on a migrant boat reveals about those crossing from Africa to Europe.
For decades Daren Frankish wondered what the stone carvings were in a wall in his Edinburgh workshop.
Salcombe's beauty and beaches make it special, say locals - but the tourism comes at a cost.
Erling Haaland's "exceptional" bicycle kick in Manchester City's 4-1 win at Southampton takes him to a record 30 goals in the Premier League this season.
Heavy downpours force play to be suspended during the third day of the Masters after Brooks Koepka had extended his lead.
Order the ribbons, call the engraver, get the party planner on the phone - the Scottish Premiership title race ended as a contest on Saturday, writes Tom English.
Exeter produce their best performance of the season to beat Stormers and seal their place in the Heineken Champions Cup semi-finals.
Frank Lampard says he did not expect to solve all of Chelsea's problems in one day after his return to the hot-seat ended in defeat at Wolves.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Danny Murphy discuss Erling Haaland and Kevin de Bruyne's influence in Manchester City's 4-1 victory over Southampton.
Son Heung-min is one of Asian football's first global superstars and now the continent's first player to hit 100 goals in the Premier League.
Rishi Sunak praises "brave" Good Friday Agreement leaders but says "there is work to be done".
Maia and Rina Dee, originally from the UK, were shot dead in a suspected Palestinian attack.
Almost 100 US defence department documents have been leaked - and it is unclear who will benefit.
Corporation says it wants to resolve issue after one of its main accounts receives new designation.
Air conditioning and modern suspension will help with the King's procession to Westminster Abbey.
York, Birkenhead Park and an iron age settlement in Shetland are among the sites being put forward.
More than 10 people have reported new allegations about ex-Met officer David Carrick, police say.
A wall of snow hit a group near Mont Blanc in south-eastern France.
The US says it is "monitoring Beijing's actions" as China's military drills round Taiwan continue.
Five were injured in the building collapse, and the mayor said it was likely people had died.
The pontiff "looked in really good health", said one of the thousands of people in St Peter's Square.
Officers are treating the fire as arson and say the 15-year-old died from smoke inhalation.
Monday's papers have a mix of leads, focusing on attack ads by Labour and details of next month's coronation.
Rayan travelled 4,000 miles before taking a small boat across the English channel crossing.
After The Bodyguard musical was cut short and police called, actors say behaviour is getting worse.
How an activist documented Russia's war dead by counting graves - and was forced to flee.
Chocolate company J. S. Fry & Sons first manufactured the hollow chocolate egg in 1873.
Aged 37, Aurélien Pradié has exploded onto France's political stage after ruining Macron's plans.
For decades Daren Frankish wondered what the stone carvings were in his Edinburgh workshop.
Drummer Lars Ulrich on his tea-drinking habit, buying a vinyl factory and Metallica's new album.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
No one story dominates the Sunday papers, however, a couple of the headlines look ahead to King Charles' coronation next month.
Spain's Jon Rahm keeps his nerve and patience to win a first Masters, swinging an exciting final day in his favour from American Brooks Koepka.
Arsenal failed to follow the rules of the "jungle" at Anfield as Mikel Arteta's side drew 2-2 with Liverpool, write BBC Sport's chief football writer Phil McNulty.
MOTD2 pundit Stephen Warnock says Liverpool must repeat the attitude they showed against Arsenal by trying different tactics as well as showing their fighting spirit between now and the end of the season.
Few Crystal Palace fans would have dreamed of shouting 'Ole' for every pass from their side at Elland Road but the fact they were on Sunday underlines the remarkable revival under Roy Hodgson.
Saracens lose their Heineken Champions Cup quarter-final to holders La Rochelle, who will play Exeter in the last four.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Stephen Warnock and Ian Wright think Granit Xhaka's brief loss of discipline against Liverpool woke up the Anfield crowd.
Refereeing body PGMOL to investigate after Liverpool's Andy Robertson appeared to be elbowed in the chin by assistant referee Constantine Hatzidakis.
Rishi Sunak will welcome the US president to Belfast on Tuesday to mark the peace deal anniversary.
Twenty-five years on from the Good Friday Agreement, is the role of women being sidelined?
From constitutional change to the strife of Brexit, the deal still wields major influence in Ireland.
The former intern opened fire on staff in a conference room at the bank, livestreaming the attack.
A strike by thousands of junior doctors in England is set to be the most disruptive in NHS history.
The US president first visits Northern Ireland, then the Republic, but the circumstances aren't ideal.
Officials say the leaked files appear to be in a format similar to those issued to senior leaders.
The Met Office issues two weather warnings for wind as blustery weather moves into the UK.
The honour was conferred upon them just hours before the Dragons' 3-2 victory over Notts County.
Lucy Dee had been in a coma since the suspected Palestinian attack which killed her two daughters.
The boy shot his first-grade teacher at a Virginia school in January - with his mother's gun.
The US president told NBC News he plans to run but was not ready to announce the bid yet.
A police Land Rover was targeted as an Easter Monday march got under way in Londonderry.
Pierre Lacotte played a part in the Russian ballet star's escape from his KGB minders in Paris in 1961.
Two people were held and "two large bags of dry paint" were seized at the exhibit, police say.
Authorities in Tijuana say the building is the second to collapse in the area following a landslide.
Tuesday's papers are dominated by the 96-hour junior doctors' strike, which kicks off in England at 07:00.
'You can't leave things until tomorrow, because there might not be a tomorrow,' said the cancer campaigner.
The upcoming polls are the biggest test of political opinion in England outside a general election.
Rayan travelled 4,000 miles before taking a small boat across the English channel crossing.
The remaining fixtures for Arsenal and Manchester City as the title race reaches a thrilling conclusion.
Almost 100 US defence department documents have been leaked - and it is unclear who will benefit.
The Gold State Coach is one of the coaches and has been used in every coronation since the 1830s.
After fleeing the war in Ukraine, refugees share their experiences of finding work in their new homes.
Hollywood fantasy seems unable to match the on-field drama produced as Wrexham seek a way back to the Football League.
Former Norwich, Aston Villa and Brentford boss Dean Smith is named manager of Premier League strugglers Leicester City until the end of the season
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy pulls out of this week's PGA Tour event at Hilton Head in South Carolina.
Burnley celebrate promotion to the Premier League by beating 10-man Sheffield United at Turf Moor.
Barcelona miss the chance to go 15 points clear at the top of La Liga as they are frustrated at home by Girona.
Nicholas Pooran hits the fastest 50 of the 2023 Indian Premier League as Lucknow Super Giants claim a final-ball win over Royal Challengers Bangalore.
Villarreal's Alex Baena says he has received death threats having filed a complaint with police after being assaulted following Saturday's game at Real Madrid.
Two women reflect on how 25 years of the Northern Ireland Good Friday Agreement shaped their youths.
Rishi Sunak says "there is work to be done" 25 years on from Northern Ireland's historic peace deal.
The UK has the largest contingent of military special forces in Ukraine, according to a leaked file.
The US president is met by Rishi Sunak at the start of his four-day trip to Northern Ireland and the Republic.
It is predicted to be the worst performing out of the G20 nations in 2023, including Russia.
Jackie Pugh has been waiting nearly three and a half years for breast reconstruction.
Rise in wind and solar energy means that use of coal, oil and gas may have peaked for energy production.
Freddie Scappaticci denied he was the Army's most high-ranking agent in the IRA during the Troubles.
Tony Danker is dismissed by the business group following complaints about his conduct towards several employees.
The 19-year-old confirms on Instagram she will marry Jake Bongiovi, the son of singer Jon Bon Jovi.
Jerelle Jules says the five-star London hotel issued a "disingenuous and lacklustre" apology.
"Where is French democracy?" cried one protester, as another held a sign reading "president of violence".
Man City take a big step towards Champions League semi-finals with 3-0 first-leg win against Bayern Munich
The mandatory housing order for England and Wales will lift on April 18
The US president's arrival in Belfast features in Wednesday's papers, as does a report about "problems" with the Coronation.
Use our interactive lookup tool to find out if men are paid more than women at your company.
Ukraine's spring offensive and Chinese hypersonic weapons are among the issues highlighted in the leaks.
The name is so familiar many do not even realise it is a brand - but the firm may be in deep trouble.
An "incredible friend" of the governor, a beloved grandmother and a respected boss are among the dead.
The YouTuber signs a new multi-year deal with the company after impressing fans over the last year.
Footage shows streets covered in a thick layer of dust as a 10km ash plume rises from the volcano.
How were classified US documents about Ukraine shared online, and why are they now disappearing?
The remaining fixtures for Arsenal and Manchester City as the title race reaches a thrilling conclusion.
Junior doctors sing their protest chants to popular tunes on picket lines in England.
In Ukraine, thousands of landmines scattered throughout the Kharkiv region are destroying lives.
Manchester City look a side ready to finally claim the Champions League after dismantling Bayern Munich, writes BBC Sport chief football writer Phil McNulty.
England's 30-game unbeaten run under manager Sarina Wiegman comes to a humbling end as Sam Kerr helps Australia to victory.
Erling Haaland is called a "monster" and a "beast" as he breaks the scoring record by a Premier League player in one season.
Ben Stokes says England will not alter their attacking approach when they take on Australia in the Ashes this summer.
Scotland sweep aside World Cup-bound Costa Rica as 17-year-old Emma Watson scores her first international goals in her second start.
Huw Jones is desperate to play at this year's World Cup after missing out on selection for Japan 2019.
BBC Sport's Liam Loftus travels across Europe to sample the fan culture in four of Europe's finest football cities. First stop, Amsterdam with Ajax fans Chris and Michelle.
Despite months of diplomatic chatter, the US president's Northern Ireland trip does not amount to much.
Excitement is building among President Biden's distant Irish relations in counties Louth and Mayo.
Ireland is welcoming one of the most Irish US presidents ever - one with a legacy to protect.
The 1998 deal was designed to end 30 years of bloody conflict in Northern Ireland.
The visit was meant to celebrate 25 years of progress but politics at Stormont remain in limbo.
From arms bans to agreements, what role has the United States played towards peace?
Thousands of people gather to greet the US president as he visits the home county of his ancestors.
Scientists say focus should be on cancer prevention, with "universal cures" unlikely at present.
Piran Ditta Khan will appear in court on Thursday over the 2005 shooting.
Prince Harry will travel to the UK but Meghan will stay in California with their children.
Data and satellite images show oil spills over five years that threaten species like orca whales.
Agents say high numbers of tenants chasing a shortage of properties will continue to push up rents.
The former BBC Radio 1 DJ has been questioned on two occasions by the Metropolitan Police.
The vaccine - R21 - was up to 80% effective in early-stage clinical trials.
Most care homes struggled but some paid more to shareholders, says the Warwick University-led study.
The supermarket says it is passing on savings to customers after seeing its own costs fall for milk.
Turning homes into short-term lets would require planning permission under government plans.
Hundreds of homes without power as gusts of more than 60mph (96.5km/h) are recorded.
A basic guide to how the economy is measured and what that calculation is used for.
The government has announced changes to tax rules which mean millions of people will pay more.
Thursday's papers are dominated by Prince Harry's decision to attend his father's coronation without his wife.
With a month until it's held in the UK for the first time in 25 years, who has wowed Eurovision?
The Sea King may be old, but the Ukrainian military say it will help in the war, the BBC is told.
Could the conciliation service Acas make any difference to the current impasse?
How researchers are pinning their hopes on a climate-resilient coffee species.
Tuppence Middleton explains why her OCD means she is reluctant to kiss her co-star in a new play.
He spent 28 years in prison for murder. Then prosecutors found out he had been a juvenile at the time of the crime.
The soaring price of eggs has led to diners as well as McDonalds and 7-Eleven stores cutting back.
The world's second richest man spoke for nearly an hour on a wide range of subjects.
Chelsea have it all to do if they are to advance to the Champions League semi-finals as they lose to holders Real Madrid at the Bernabeu.
Three-time Olympic champion Adam Peaty is not included in the Great Britain squad for this summer's World Aquatics Championships.
Finnish entrepreneur Thomas Zilliacus withdraws his offer to buy Manchester United and says the decision of current owners the Glazers to go to a third round of bidding is a "farce".
Frank Lampard believes Chelsea can produce a "special" night next week and overturn a 2-0 deficit against Real Madrid to reach the Champions League last four.
England head coach Simon Middleton suggests goal-kicking rules could change because of the "natural discrepancy between male and female athletes".
Great Britain win their first ever women's team gold at the artistic gymnastics European Championships.
Football Focus heads to Naples with Napoli poised to end their 33-year wait for a Serie A title, and with fans also dreaming of a first Champions League triumph.
The US leader was both challenging and sensitive, writes our Ireland correspondent Chris Page.
The US president says they are at the "cutting edge" of the future, 25 years on from the 1998 peace deal.
Jack Teixeira is named by US officials as a suspect in the leaking of sensitive intelligence files.
National Guardsman Jack Teixeira was arrested by FBI agents in Massachusetts.
Residents assaulted and a staff member ordered Taser for protection - more care firm failings found by BBC.
Twiggy has led tributes to the designer who popularised the miniskirt that helped define the Swinging '60s.
Frozen chicken, ready meals, pizza and chips are the most popular items, supermarket data shows.
Animal welfare activists say the incident is "by far" the deadliest barn fire in recent memory.
The weekend will be "challenging" for those who struggle to control their gambling, experts warn.
Study analysed the DNA of families with unexplained, severe development disorders.
The chancellor says the impact of the junior doctors' strike on NHS patients is "regrettable".
Troll farms are thriving after Elon Musk wiped out the team fighting them.
A red alert is in place in the north of the state as it experiences extreme wind gusts.
Workers responsible for protecting England's environment will stage a three day walkout over low pay.
The US president praises the strength of the Irish-US relationship and speaks of pride in Irish roots.
The death of legendary fashion designer Dame Mary Quant dominates Friday's papers.
The winners of the 2023 Sony World Photography Awards have been announced.
The late fashion designer will be remembered for revolutionising clothing for women in the 1960s.
As Beijing tries to play peacemaker, its actions over Taiwan threaten to undercut its goals.
Hot water can be stored underground and the heat used when needed to keep buildings warm.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Sandstorms are an annual ordeal in north-east Asia but that does not make it easier for millions.
The National Rifle Association plays a central role in the contentious issue of US gun control.
Flu, staff shortages and Covid backlogs are putting the NHS under severe strain, find out what's happening in your area.
British fashion designer Mary Quant, who designed the miniskirt that defined the 60s, has died.
The publication "committed to sharing the perspectives of people of colour" is closing after eight years.
The chef and author says writing a children's book helped him feel more positive about his dyslexia.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag says Lisandro Martinez's injury during the Europa League quarter-final with Sevilla "does not look that great".
West Ham remain well placed to make back-to-back European semi-finals despite seeing their 100% winning run in the Europa Conference League ended by Gent.
The Football Association says it will take no further action following an incident involving assistant referee Constantine Hatzidakis and Liverpool's Andy Robertson.
British captain Anne Keothavong wants focus to be on her "great team" for the Billie Jean King Cup tie with France rather than Emma Raducanu's absence.
Salford Red Devils graft to overcome a dogged Castleford Tigers in an intense, low-scoring Super League match.
Watch as Chicago Bulls star DeMar DeRozan's nine-year-old daughter Diar screams during Toronto Raptors free-throws in a game her father's team wins to maintain their pursuit of a play-off spot.
Irish World Rally Championship driver Craig Breen dies in an accident at a pre-event test before this weekend's Croatia Rally.
The 21-year-old US National Guard airman led a chat group on the social platform Discord.
Ukraine's spring offensive and Chinese hypersonic weapons are among the issues highlighted in the leaks.
Key takeaways from the breach of classified US documents about the war in Ukraine.
US documents suggest Russian officials disagreed over how casualties were being counted.
How were classified US documents about Ukraine shared online, and why are they now disappearing?
A 48-hour walkout from Sunday 30 April is now planned by Royal College of Nursing members in England.
A discovery gives experts new ideas for developing vaccines to treat or even prevent cancer.
The Irish rock band said Sheehan died in hospital on Friday after a brief illness.
Jeremy Hunt says his strategy has been welcomed by the IMF after his predecessor faced criticism.
France vowed to restore the cathedral within five years of the fire that gutted it. It might just do it.
The event, broadcast from Windsor Castle, also includes Take That and opera singer Andrea Bocelli.
The BBC's Frank Gardner on the impact of 21-year-old Jack Teixeira's highly classified US military leaks.
More than 60 years of nuclear power comes to an end on Saturday, but many Germans are unhappy.
Jack Teixeira faces two charges of leaking secret Pentagon documents on a gaming chat server.
The US president was addressing a huge crowd at an homecoming event in County Mayo, ending his trip to Ireland.
The Constitutional Council backs the thrust of President Macron's reforms despite weeks of protests.
Prosecutors say the ex-president incited riots by questioning the legitimacy of an election.
Beatriz Flamini spent two birthdays in the cave, and kept busy drawing and knitting woolly hats.
Delicious, budget-friendly slow cooker meal recipes for a family of four.
Many of Saturday's papers focus on next month's coronation of King Charles III.
How links between ‘hacktivists’ and official military are becoming blurred on both sides in the war.
Runners, riders, trainers and form - all the key details you need to know for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
He has been linked to 18 murders, all while on the state payroll; some victims were fellow agents.
Many Christians feel that growing hostility towards them is aimed at pushing them out of the city.
As the sport formally marks a famous anti-racism protest, it is again struggling with a hate problem.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken in the past seven days.
Officials in Kyiv tell the BBC recent leaks of US intelligence didn't reveal any important information.
Jack Teixeira is not the first member of the military accused of leaking classified documents
Dermatologists are urging people to stick to "old-fashioned" polish and avoid DIY home kits.
A new centre has opened in Ukraine, focusing on the rehabilitation of soldiers with prosthetics.
Hundreds of thousands of workers are going on strike.
Adam Stanton-Wharmby travelled from John O'Groats to Land's End in a Formula 1 modified wheelchair.
Livingston or "Livi" skatepark is one of Scotland's oldest and most iconic skateparks.
Chicken, chips, pizza and ready meals are the most popular frozen items, supermarket data shows.
In her first media interview, the female ex-corporal says she quit after being assaulted in her sleep.
Great Britain face an uphill task to reach the Billie Jean King Cup Finals after Katie Boulter and Harriet Dart lose against France.
Middlesbrough overpower Norwich with a clinical display to keep alive their faint hopes of automatic promotion.
Preview of Saturday's big race at Aintree where Rachael Blackmore's mount Ain't That A Shame is among the favourites - plus pundit predictions.
Aberdeen move five points clear of Hearts in third place of the Scottish Premiership, courtesy of Luis 'Duk' Lopes' 16th league goal of the season.
Manchester United defender Lisandro Martinez will miss the rest of the season after fracturing a metatarsal bone in his foot against Sevilla on Thursday.
Great Britain's Jessica Gadirova takes gold in a dramatic women's all-around final at the European Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Antalya.
Sale Sharks seal their place in the Premiership play-offs with a 36-20 win over Bristol Bears at Ashton Gate Stadium.
Increased intelligence sharing after the 9/11 attacks may have made leaks more likely.
Air National Guardsman Jack Teixeira faces up to 15 years' imprisonment for the leak US documents.
How were classified US documents about Ukraine shared online.
The 21-year-old US National Guard airman led a chat group on the social platform Discord.
National Guardsman Jack Teixeira was arrested by FBI agents in Massachusetts.
Experts believe that if convicted, Jack Teixeira could face a lengthy prison sentence.
Clashes between the army and a notorious paramilitary force leaves 27 dead and hundreds injured.
The fighting is a direct result of a vicious power struggle within the military leadership.
Police say 118 people were arrested after animal rights activists delayed the start of the Grand National at Aintree on Saturday.
Plans for 14 new smart motorways are being scrapped over a lack of public confidence and cost.
The King's coronation will also mark the largest military ceremonial operation in 70 years.
Israeli police limit attendance over safety concerns, which churches urge Christians to ignore.
Many public servants are in no mood to back down and it's not clear how ministers intend to deal with it.
A 48-hour walkout over the first May bank holiday will include nurses in critical care services.
Party leader Humza Yousaf says it will involve external input and may feature "forensic auditors".
A provisional agreement over pay and working conditions for postal service workers has been reached.
It comes after the Met launched a murder investigation into the death of Tyler McDermott.
Ms Lawrence has been missing since she failed to arrive for work in York in March 2009.
Oakham Town Council has been asked to take on the maintenance costs of the 13ft (3.96m) statue.
Many of Sunday's papers focus on the protest by animal rights activists at Aintree.
A shift to everyday discounts isn't the only way that shops are trying to chase customer loyalty.
A row is raging over Russians competing in the Olympics and Wimbledon. Why does Russia care so much?
Voters in parts of England and in Northern Ireland will be able to elect new councillors in May.
A secretive group of internet vigilantes has vowed to cleanse Twitter of false information about climate change.
A wave of transfers is hitting US banks, adding another wrinkle to challenges facing the financial system.
Tony Brien sat in a box 830ft above east London to capture the images of One Canada Square.
He has been linked to 18 murders, all while on the state payroll; some victims were fellow agents.
Cathedrals and stadiums host iftar meals for people of all backgrounds as part of the Islamic month.
As the sport formally marks a famous anti-racism protest, it is again struggling with a hate problem.
Many of Saturday's papers focus on next month's coronation of King Charles III.
Runners, riders, trainers and form - all the key details you need to know for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
British heavyweight Joe Joyce's world-title ambitions are derailed as he suffers a sixth-round technical knockout loss to China's Zhilei Zhang at London's Copper Box Arena.
Manchester City have Arsenal within their sights after Saturday's 3-1 win over Leicester cut the deficit to just three points.
The story behind Corach Rambler's victory in a Grand National delayed by animal rights protesters.
After winning their way to a first Women's FA Cup final, Manchester United's double dreams are still alive - but they could still finish this remarkable season with nothing.
Match of the Day pundit Danny Murphy explains why "incredible" Aston Villa striker Ollie Watkins is closing in on an England recall.
England are focusing on fine details to stay ahead of increasingly professional Six Nations rivals, head coach Simon Middleton says.
Ronnie O'Sullivan holds off qualifier Pang Junxu to seal a 10-7 win as his hunt for a record eighth World Championship title in the modern era gets under way.
Air National Guardsman Jack Teixeira faces up to 15 years' imprisonment for the leak US documents.
The 21-year-old US National Guard airman led a chat group on the social platform Discord.
Ukraine's spring offensive and Chinese hypersonic weapons are among the issues highlighted in the leaks.
More than 50 people are dead, and one estimate puts the number of injured at more than 1,000.
Human Rights Watch says victims of the scandal still face long waits and inadequate compensation.
The advisory group will consider whether a new maths qualification is needed for 16 to 18-year-olds.
'We don't want this to end,' singers tell the BBC as they perform for fans ahead of May's finale.
Sentiment is rebounding as concerns about energy prices and Brexit ease.
Park bosses say the change reflects their commitment to the Welsh language and the area's heritage.
Demand for air travel will be hit as decarbonisation drives up ticket prices, says industry.
People with microscopic colitis have frequent diarrhoea, stomach pain and fatigue.
The former SNP leader tells the party's ruling body in 2021 its finances have never been stronger.
Nurses reject a minister's plea to pause a strike in England, including by staff in A&E, in two weeks' time.
It comes after government cancels plans to build more stretches of road without permanent hard shoulders.
Warnings that the nurses' strike could continue until Christmas dominate many of Monday's papers.
Children starting school in England and Wales in September 2023 are being offered school places.
Residents say stray bullets and threatened neighbourhood sweeps by armed forces mean nowhere is safe.
Health-tech firms around the world are increasingly using AI to help tailor drugs for patients.
Atiq Ahmed, shot dead live on TV, built a fiefdom in northern India but his power had begun to wane.
The BBC visits Jack Teixeira's hometown of Dighton, in rural Massachusetts.
British heavyweight Joe Joyce says "the journey will continue" after his defeat by Zhilei Zhang in London on Saturday.
Many have lost their sons, husbands and brothers - and now face a daily struggle to survive.
After two successive 2-2 draws Arsenal players are showing signs of self-doubt as the Gunners push to become champions for the first time since 2004.
Antony scores once and assists another as Manchester United move up to third in the Premier League - so is he finally starting to prove his worth?
England's Matt Fitzpatrick beats American Jordan Spieth in a dramatic play-off to win the RBC Heritage title at Harbour Town in South Carolina.
Holders Chelsea book their place in the Women's FA Cup final as Sam Kerr scores the winning goal to lead her side to a narrow victory over Aston Villa.
Neil Robertson produces a sublime display to defeat Chinese debutant Wu Yize 10-3 in the first round of the World Championship in Sheffield.
Which Premier League players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make the Team of the Week?
Chris Ashton becomes the first player to score 100 Premiership tries as Leicester all but seal a top-four spot.
The prime minister faces a declaration of interest inquiry over a childcare firm his wife has shares in.
Vladimir Kara-Murza says the harsh sentence shows he is "doing everything right".
A note found at Lucy Letby's home stated "maybe this is all down to me", her murder trial is told.
Sgt David Stansbury is charged with three counts of raping a woman in Plymouth in 2009.
Ralph Yarl's parents sent him to pick up his brothers at a friend's house, but he got the address wrong.
A review of cervical screening cases has found thousands were wrongly removed from the system.
Due to new sentencing guidelines Sean Hogg was given community payback for raping a 13-year-old.
The performer died after her partner failed to catch her during a transition in a display on Saturday.
The White Hart Inn in Essex has been daubed with paint and some windows were damaged.
The special episode was pre-recorded and aired in the US, but global viewers are left waiting.
Boris Eldagsen said he used the image to test the competition and to create an "open discussion".
Delicious, budget-friendly slow cooker meal recipes for a family of four.
President Putin rules virtually unchallenged, with opponents forced to leave Russia - or worse.
Fighting is continuing in Sudan between the regular armed forces and a powerful paramilitary force.
Installed in a Low Traffic Neighbourhood, it has been repeatedly run over, bent, burned and, finally, stolen.
The BBC visits Myanmar, where two years after the coup, fear and quiet defiance are everywhere.
Labour made the claim in a campaign advert tweeted over the weekend.
Behind the statistics of missing people are the stories of the families left behind.
The deadline to register to vote in person or by proxy for local elections in England is just before midnight.
Children starting school in England and Wales in September 2023 are being offered school places.
'We don't want this to end,' singers tell the BBC as they perform for fans ahead of May's finale.
Corruption and the legacy of a brutal rebellion in the north halts the prosecution of perpetrators.
Health-tech firms around the world are increasingly using AI to help tailor drugs for patients.
All eyes are on the Supreme Court as it readies to hear cases seeking legalisation of same-sex union.
Horse trainer Sandy Thomson says the interruption to the Grand National by "ignorant" animal rights activists contributed to Hill Sixteen's death.
Alex Fletcher, a non-league striker who fractured his skull colliding with concrete barriers next to the pitch, says "my family were told if I made it I may not be the same person".
BBC Sport reviews round three of the Women's Six Nations, examining the potential for a concerning scoreline plus the lack of self-belief hampering one side.
Watch the top five moments from the third round of the Women's Six Nations with a brave little Wales fan and England's Abby Dow among the stars.
Suppliers will also have to give struggling customers more chances to clear their debts.
Report says racism played a role in the higher death rates of black and Asian women giving birth.
The envoy is said to be okay after the attack at his home as deadly fighting grips Khartoum.
Alexis Dowdell told the BBC her 18-year-old brother pushed her to the floor as gunfire erupted.
Poultry can now be kept outdoors in the UK but experts are on alert for a new influx in wild birds.
Play is abandoned in one match and suspended in another at the World Championship as a protester vandalised table one and a second person tried to attach themselves to table two.
The prime minister faces a declaration of interest inquiry over a childcare firm his wife has shares in.
Rishi Sunak is being investigated over a possible failure to declare an interest related to a childcare firm.
The walkout was most disruptive NHS strike yet - with bosses warning future action will risk care.
The apps have sent a letter urging government to reconsider the wording of the Online Safety Bill.
A prosecutor says there was a "racial component" to the white homeowner's shooting of the black teen.
Vladimir Kara-Murza says the harsh sentence shows he is "doing everything right".
The investigation into the prime minister's possible failure to declare an interest leads several of Tuesday's papers.
Videos, photos and testimony from Sudan capital give a picture of how civilians are being impacted.
After weeks of scrutiny, did the US leaks really give us an insight how the war in Ukraine is progressing?
From royalty and world leaders to volunteers and celebrities - here's what we know about the guest list.
Mohamed Salah and Diogo Jota both score twice as Liverpool claim a first league win in five games by thrashing relegation-threatened Leeds United.
Afghanistan's women cricketers have escaped danger, but found only a sporting limbo in exile from their homeland.
England captain Ben Stokes is named Wisden's leading cricketer in the world for the third time in four years.
Watch as play is halted at the World Championship after a protester vandalises table one and a second person tries to glue themselves to table two.
Horse trainer Sandy Thomson says the interruption to the Grand National by "ignorant" animal rights activists contributed to Hill Sixteen's death.
Chelsea hold talks with former Bayern Munich boss Julian Nagelsmann as part of their search for a new manager.
The former head of the business group tells the BBC his side of the story in an exclusive interview.
"Lies have consequences," says a lawyer for the voting firm about the network's false election claims.
The Met Police still haven’t changed, says Stephen Lawrence’s mother, 30 years after his racist murder.
More than 300,000 children in England have to share beds with family members, analysis suggests.
The former leadership candidate tells the BBC voters are watching the SNP "with astonishment" .
The fragments gifted by the Pope are used in a new Cross of Wales to lead the coronation procession.
Heavy gunfire and the roar of warplanes shatter plans for a ceasefire in the capital Khartoum.
The NYPD's new robotic dog was sent into the shattered structure to hunt for survivors, says the mayor.
Andrew Lester, 84, has been charged with shooting Ralph Yarl after he rang the wrong doorbell.
At least two people died as dozens of vehicles were engulfed while en route to Afghanistan.
The US rapper was found dead in a bathtub at his Californian home in November aged 34.
Ambitious targets to halt the decline in nature may already be slipping out of reach, research suggests.
Miari Workman says her two children and five cats are the most important things in her life.
Calls for tougher penalties for eco-protesters and the Labour leader's pledge to reintroduce NHS targets leads several of Wednesday's papers.
Nigerian-Ukrainian duo Tvorchi met in a chance encounter on the street. Now they're coming to the UK.
The party are hoping to gain control of Mid Suffolk district council in May's local elections.
In a country where homosexuality is punishable by death, the community shows unprecedented defiance.
The new government emergency-alert system will be tested on Sunday, 23 April.
Alaskan skywatchers were stunned by a mysterious spiral connected to SpaceX rocket launch.
Videos, photos and testimony from Sudan's capital give a picture of how civilians are being impacted.
Donations to aid agencies are at risk of falling sharply, jeopardising signs of recovery, a UN report says.
Running Up That Hill could win an Ivor Novello songwriting award, 37 years after its first release.
People who've lost a brother or sister say Frank Ocean speaking about his own loss helps others.
Attempts to unearth the structure in West Dunbartonshire failed in the 1970s and 1980s.
The "spectacular" skeleton, sold to a private buyer, is nearly 12m long and 4m tall.
The father of Vishal Mehrotra says his death 40 years ago has not been fully investigated by police.
Some say they will continue using the English name, but one business has already ordered new branding.
The "edgy and unique" content from the event's official account has got people asking questions.
The YouTubers' energy drink has been causing chaos in UK shops due to high demand. What's the secret?
AC Milan reach the Champions League semi-finals for the first time since winning the competition in 2007 as they see off Serie A rivals Napoli in an incident-packed game.
Chelsea interim boss Frank Lampard says he "won't let anyone off the hook" after Real Madrid knock them out of the Champions League to inflict another big blow in their flagging season.
Emma Raducanu's first clay-court match of the season ends in a one-sided defeat by former French Open champion Jelena Ostapenko in Stuttgart.
Gary Wilson holds off a fightback from practice partner Elliot Slessor to win 10-8 and move into the second round of the World Championship.
Paris St-Germain want Harry Kane, David Moyes to leave West Ham, Man Utd and Liverpool lead race for Alexis Mac Allister, plus more.
Two teenage boys and a 20-year-old man have been arrested after a deadly shooting at a 16th birthday.
An expert panel says inadequate leadership at three children's homes led to "horrific abuse".
At least 78 people are killed in the incident during a distribution of charity at a school in Sanaa.
The watchdog's findings at Kettering General Hospital come after dozens of families' concerns.
Complaints about grades have risen in England and Wales since the end of Covid disruption policies.
Families are facing court battles to get their children's money, in pots worth up to £210m in total.
There is widespread speculation over a flash that lit up the skies over the Ukrainian capital.
London Marathon organisers have been given "unique" assurances by Extinction Rebellion over Sunday's planned protest.
Anyone with concerns about the former BBC DJ's behaviour can ring confidentially.
The bill is expected to be changed to make it harder for European judges to stop deportations.
Rishi Sunak's deputy is braced for the outcome of a report that could seal his political fate.
Known for his comic character Dame Edna Everage, he reportedly had complications after hip surgery.
The festival covers everything from pop music to Bollywood, alongside a strong classical line-up.
Predictions the Bank of England will raise interest rates to 5% after inflation stays high dominates several of Thursday's front pages.
Does an event so steeped in history, religion and pageantry still have a place in 2023 Britain?
Thabo Bester's escape and flight from South Africa exposed a stunning level of official incompetence.
Freelance radio presenter Janine Marsh shares her weekly spending diary.
The presenters say it's "so much more than a competition", as Liverpool hosts on behalf of Ukraine.
The boss of Santander says telling a bank you're struggling may not harm your credit rating.
Truth took a back seat on the mogul's US network, which must now pay the price, Katie Razzall says.
A lawyer files a suit against Netflix, saying its docudrama aims to "distort the Egyptian identity".
Some people with dyscalculia say Rishi Sunak’s plans for maths to 18 would have held them back.
A Sudanese doctor tells the BBC he fears for his life treating patients at a Khartoum hospital.
Everyone is guessing who the mystery artist might be so Newsbeat asked some experts for help.
Lyn Pearman is living in a converted airport transport vehicle after selling her possessions.
How some Muslims maintain the same commitment towards exercise and fasting during Ramadan.
The network still faces a second, similar defamation lawsuit from another election technology firm.
Nigerian-Ukrainian duo TVORCHI met in a chance encounter on the street. Now they're coming to the UK.
Flick explains how she featured in three of the movies but has mixed feelings about a TV adaptation.
Refusing to let the past dictate their lives - people share stories of being born to mothers who were raped.
It follows a string of recent shootings sparked by someone showing up at the wrong place.
An activist shareholder group is calling on the food company to 'play its part' in global health.
The retail industry body said there was a three to nine-month lag to see price falls reflected in shop prices.
He said he would also be stepping back from his role on the public audit committee.
Thousands of civilians have fled the capital Khartoum as foreign nations prepare evacuation missions.
It will have 2.9 million more people than its neighbour by the middle of the year, UN data suggests.
Frank-Walter Steinmeier regrets Nazi crimes in the Warsaw Ghetto, and condemns Russia's war on Ukraine.
The coroner at Stephen Wright's inquest described it as a "very unusual and deeply tragic case".
The Grammy Award-winning rapper says her trauma was "treated like a running joke" on social media.
It comes amid a wave of industrial action by hundreds of thousands of workers in different sectors.
In a speech about birth rates, the agriculture minister uses a phrase linked to white supremacists.
Downing Street is being asked why taxpayers are footing the bill for Boris Johnson's legal team.
Andrew Lester, 84, is accused of shooting Ralph Yarl after he mistakenly rang the wrong doorbell.
Mr Nichols died after being brutally beaten by police during a traffic stop in January.
Kimberly Sampson and Samantha Mulcahy died from herpes infections six weeks apart, an inquest hears.
Joasia Zakrzewski said her actions were not malicious and she made a massive error accepting a trophy.
The man whose body parts were removed is accused of broadcasting castrations on a website.
Nearly six years after the notorious far-right rally, three torch-bearers have been indicted.
Can Manchester City get revenge against Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-finals, a year after their heartbreak against the Spanish side?
Manchester United beat Arsenal to go four points clear in the Women's Super League in a game overshadowed by an injury to England captain Leah Williamson.
Watch as Kyren Wilson makes a 147 maximum break during his first-round match against Ryan Day at the World Snooker Championship.
England head coach Simon Middleton calls for change to avoid the Women's Six Nations always being decided between the Red Roses and France.
Tiger Woods undergoes "successful" ankle fusion surgery following his recent withdrawal from the Masters.
Watch highlights as Alessia Russo scores for Manchester United as they earn an important 1-0 win over Arsenal in the Women's Super League title race.
Avesh Khan defends 18 in the final over as Lucknow Super Giants beat Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
The prime minister is still considering an inquiry's findings before deciding on Mr Raab's political future.
Turbulence lies ahead for the PM whatever action he takes over the report into bullying allegations.
The watchdog says it will "continue to listen", but Ruth Perry's sister urges pause in inspections.
A huge blast which shook residents of Belgorod is being blamed by on an accidental air strike.
May's British Vogue is titled Reframing Fashion and features 19 members of the disabled community.
The government has said it expects all patients needing a GP appointment to be seen within two weeks.
Police say more than $14.8m (£12m) of gold and other valuables were stolen from the cargo holding area.
The actor's lawyers say an involuntary manslaughter case over the October 2021 death will be dropped.
Police say a man began shooting indiscriminately at his neighbours in North Carolina, injuring four.
The party's former chief executive gave the SNP a loan of more than £100,000 in June 2021.
Northern elephant seals sleep underwater for just two hours per day on their months-long foraging journeys.
The social media giant has erased the once-coveted blue check verification from thousands of accounts.
The deputy PM's political future dominates several of Friday's front pages after a report into bullying allegations against him concluded.
There were cheers, but there was also an explosion. The BBC's Jonathan Amos breaks down what happened.
The carbon fibre vessel took three men and $150m of drugs from the Amazon rainforest to Spain.
Two months on, survivors of the quake tell the BBC they are not getting nearly enough aid.
A host of events have been planned all over the country for the coronation weekend.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Millions of dollars are being poured into research to find ways of making lives longer and healthier.
Fans have lined the streets of Aldington in Kent for the funeral of the TV personality.
Recent shootings of unarmed victims raise questions about the right to protect people and property.
Amid criticism over the Buddhist leader's kissing video, posts on Tibet's disputed history have gone viral.
Marcos Gonçalves Dias steps down after video shows him in the presidential palace as it was stormed.
Spike, the Cotswolds King Penguin, is now the "undisputed, most popular penguin in the world".
Former employees of top chef Barbara Lynch have accused her of physical and emotional abuse.
A Just Stop Oil spokesperson tells the BBC the group will "continue disrupting cultural and sporting events" before Sunday's London Marathon.
The lobby group says it has recently received additional information about "a serious criminal offence".
Princess Rita Jenrette has been involved in an inheritance dispute with the sons of her ex-husband.
A Maine referendum had dealt a blow in 2021 to the $1bn New England Energy Connect project.
With fierce fighting in Sudan cutting off supplies, people are travelling to the famous river in order to survive.
The 8-foot reptile had been living in the basement for over a decade.
Two own goals, a series of errors, a quarter-final to forget - Manchester United exit the Europa League at the hands of Sevilla with only themselves to blame.
Declan Rice scores "one of my best goals" as West Ham thrash Gent to reach the Europa Conference League semi-finals.
Michael Schumacher's family are planning legal action against a magazine which published an artificial intelligence-generated 'interview' with the former Formula 1 racer.
British half-marathon record holder Eilish McColgan is a doubt for Sunday's London Marathon with a knee problem.
Four-time world champion Mark Selby beats qualifier Matthew Selt 10-8, but former champion Shaun Murphy loses 10-9 to Chinese debutant Si Jiahui.
BBC Sport looks back at the 1983 FA Cup final between Brighton and Manchester United. The teams will meet in the semi-final of the 2023 competition.
Reigning champions St Helens rediscover their form with a stirring victory against Super League leaders Warrington.
The ex-deputy PM blames "over-unionised" officials for blocking his reforms in a BBC interview.
In a split decision, it also rejects restrictions on mifepristone, maintaining the status quo.
The group vows to "rebuild trust" following recent revelations which led major firms to quit as members.
Pavel Kuzin single-handedly manned a machine gun in Bakhmut so his comrades could be evacuated.
One person was killed in the crash which shut down a major motorway.
The health secretary is to challenge whether the RCN has a mandate for its 48-hour walkout on 30 April.
Lawyers for her parents and sister say the Rust actor "cannot escape responsibility" for her death.
It comes after animal rights protesters delayed the Grand National at Aintree last weekend.
Emma Newman was killed in a crash with a lorry in Glasgow city centre in January.
His record label announced the singer died in the early hours of Friday.
Terry Davies was suspended after being found to have used discriminatory language.
Premier League leaders Arsenal score two late goals as they fight back to draw a thriller at home to struggling Southampton.
Former deputy PM Dominic Raab's resignation leads most of Saturday's front pages.
The prime minister cannot afford many days like this after losing a long-standing ally and deputy.
The Supreme Court ruled Friday that mifepristone would remain on the market - for now.
You want to do more about climate change, but how do you persuade the people who call the shots?
Support for building nuclear weapons is growing in the country as tensions with the North rise.
Residents in Orchard Park, Hull, explain what is needed to improve voter turnout in May.
Why Hollywood A-listers who have taken Wrexham to the brink of promotion wanted to remain covert.
Mr Murakami is one of Japan's most loved literary exports, but his work is not without criticism.
A host of audio apps are making learning about India's history and culture more enjoyable.
What Elon Musk's blue checkmark shake-up could mean for the platform's future.
Wrexham prepares as the star-owned football team go for glory, watched by fans around the world.
The new government emergency-alert system will be tested on Sunday, 23 April.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken in the past seven days.
Morgan Trowland and Marcus Decker receive prison sentences after climbing the M25 bridge last year.
"What?!" says Hungary's prime minister, in response to long-term plans to admit Ukraine.
The CWU will recommend its members accept a deal to end the long-running dispute, Royal Mail's owner says.
England captain Leah Williamson will miss this summer's World Cup with an anterior cruciate ligament injury.
Sybil Cook treasured a chocolate Easter egg she was given just before the war for her entire life.
Continued fighting means it is too dangerous to go to Eid prayers despite calls for a ceasefire.
Seven people have been hit by tomatoes, apples and other projectiles apparently thrown from a vehicle.
Millions of Muslims are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, one of the biggest events in the Islamic calendar.
A dramatic blast which shook residents of Belgorod is being blamed on an accidental air strike.
After fighting back to draw with Southampton, Arsenal face a stark reality in the Premier League title race - they must beat Manchester City to keep their fate in their own hands.
Iran's Hossein Vafaei is branded "disrespectful" after smashing the pack of reds from a break during his match with defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan.
From stacked elite fields to inspirational stories and world record attempts - here's everything you need to know about the London Marathon 2023.
BBC Sport looks back at the best of Manchester City's 100 FA Cup goals scored under Pep Guardiola ahead of Saturday's semi-final against Sheffield United.
Premiership play-off hopefuls Northampton run 10 tries past hapless bottom club Newcastle at Kingston Park.
The remaining fixtures for Arsenal and Manchester City as the title race reaches a thrilling conclusion.
Dominic Raab accuses some 'activist' civil servants of trying to block government work in an exclusive BBC interview.
Rishi Sunak has filled the posts held by the departing Dominic Raab with allies Oliver Dowden and Alex Chalk.
Some of those who have worked with the former deputy PM give their reaction to his departure.
The deputy PM has resigned after an investigation upheld some bullying allegations against him.
Fatoumatta Hydara and her daughters, aged one and three, died from inhaling smoke in the house fire.
Canada tells its citizens to "shelter in a safe place” as some foreign officials are evacuated by sea.
Tributes paid to "savagely funny" Australian entertainer whose characters were loved by millions.
Ant-Man star Paul Rudd joined Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney to watch Wrexham's historic triumph.
After years of talking about the NHS, there's a new political focus on education, says Laura Kuenssberg.
A preacher in custody allegedly told followers to starve themselves in order to "meet Jesus".
Louis is fourth in line to the throne following the death of the late Queen Elizabeth II, last September.
An undetonated bomb was found in Belgorod, where a jet accidentally dropped another bomb days earlier.
The editor of a German magazine that published an artificial intelligence-generated 'interview' with Michael Schumacher has been sacked.
Millions of people across the UK will hear a loud alarm on their phones on Sunday at 15:00 BST.
Lord Maude, a former Tory minister, is leading a government review of how the civil service works.
Another ten people are injured after plastic plants caught fire as a waiter flambéed a dish.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina reclaims the IBF world super featherweight title with an extremely hard-fought split-decision win over Shavkatdzhon Rakhimov.
The corn snake is now recovering at a wildlife sanctuary but was described as unhappy at being moved.
The home secretary's plan to target illegal migration and tributes for entertainer Barry Humphries lead Sunday's papers.
Processions, ancient rituals, a fly-past and the crowning moment - the key stages of King Charles III's coronation.
The new government emergency-alert system will be tested on Sunday, 23 April.
Russian musicians and artists face a choice: support Putin and the war, or lose the spotlight.
After 24 years, Tracey Thorn and Ben Watt are back. But even they weren't sure it was a good idea.
The talented actor, satirist and comedian whose life was dominated by his gaudy alter-ego.
The BBC has verified videos of fighting and spoken to fleeing residents to map the violence in Sudan's capital.
All that glitters may not be gold, but Hollywood stardust has taken Wrexham back into the Football League after 15 years.
Captain Leah Williamson has been ruled out of the World Cup with an ACL injury - so how much will that damage England's hopes?
Why Hollywood A-listers taking Wrexham to promotion wanted to stay under the radar.
The club has returned to the football league two years after its Hollywood owners took charge.
It seems everyone has an opinion on the newly rebranded Bannau Brycheiniog - but why do names matter?
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Voters have only a few days left to apply for an alternative ID ahead of elections on 4 May.
New Zealanders residing in Australia for four years or more can now apply directly for citizenship.
Vladimir Kara-Murza's wife Evgenia does not know if she or their children will see him again.
Dr Andrew Brownlow said the method of disposing of a whale was decided on a "case by case basis"
For now access to mifepristone remains unchanged, in the latest legal battle over abortion in the US.
Manchester City take a step closer to the Treble by reaching the FA Cup final - we assess how likely the feat is and why there is a growing sense they can do it.
Riyad Mahrez scores the first hat-trick in an FA Cup semi-final since 1958 as Manchester City keep their quest for the Treble on course by outclassing Sheffield United at Wembley.
Jurgen Klopp says "things have changed" as Liverpool make late push for Champions League.
Arsenal manager Jonas Eidevall says "of course" his side will miss injured defender Leah Williamson as they prepare to face Wolfsburg in their Champions League semi-final.
The prime minister cannot afford many days like this after losing a long-standing ally and deputy.
Hundreds of people have died after fierce fighting erupted last week between two opposing forces.
The MP says she apologises "for any anguish caused" and wishes to "unreservedly" withdraw her remarks.
Education experts say the national tutoring programme helped some pupils but could have reached more.
The family of a man killed amid a rampage by Israeli settlers fear no-one will be held to account.
Jay Fear, who has terminal cancer, has an "incredible 24 hours" meeting the star Wrexham co-owner.
Ofcom is concerned that people are not getting the broadband social tariffs they are entitled to.
Wayne Stevens, 51, died after being injured by a dog that was shot dead by police.
A preacher in custody allegedly told followers to starve themselves in order to "meet Jesus".
While millions of people across the UK heard an alarm on their phones, many others did not.
There is a "limited number" of tickets left for live shows and production previews, the BBC says.
The rapper made the jump in honour of his little sister Gracie, 13, who has Down's Syndrome.
Maleficent the fire-breathing dragon dramatically went up in flames during Saturday's live show.
Diane Abbott loses the Labour whip and Britons being evacuated from war-torn Sudan lead Monday's papers.
Lucy Humphrey's dog, Indie, "chose" the woman who was able to give her the transplant she needed.
Sewage and water quality is a big issue for many voters - and politicians have smelled an opportunity.
The Wagner group denies involvement in the current conflict, but there's evidence it has previously been active in Sudan.
Work has started on introducing the successor to the famous football game.
Sifan Hassan overcomes injury and a world-class field to win the London Marathon - possibly the greatest victory over the distance ever.
Online gamers are posting classified documents online to settle arguments over military hardware.
Jonathan Grant is working his last season as caretaker for three uninhabited Scottish islands.
The lobbying group needs 'root and branch' reform, says Labour's Jonathan Ashworth.
It seems everyone has an opinion on the newly rebranded Bannau Brycheiniog, but why do names matter?
Former Tottenham midfielder Jermaine Jenas explains why his old side's problems on the pitch reflect their lack of direction off it.
Watch highlights as Manchester United beat Brighton in a tense penalty shootout at Wembley Stadium to set up a first FA Cup final against Manchester City.
It was the 21 minutes that moved Newcastle closer to a Champions League return - and illustrated the shambolic state Tottenham are in.
John Higgins storms to an impressive 13-2 victory over Kyren Wilson to book his place in a 17th World Championship quarter-final.
Arsenal accomplish their Women's Champions League mission in Wolfsburg - and they did so despite a tough week of injury setbacks - but it remains half-time in a finely balanced tie.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
A 72-hour ceasefire comes into effect after fighting which left at least 400 people dead.
The government is looking at several options to rescue UK citizens but is under pressure to get them out faster.
Tributes pour in for the "kind and brilliant" dancer who became head judge on Strictly Come Dancing.
The highly rated US TV host leaves just days after the US network paid $787.5m to settle a legal case
The singer joins the Gavin and Stacey star during his final week as host of The Late Late Show.
The CBI business lobby group says it "made mistakes that led to terrible consequences".
But military experts warn that advancing from positions across the Dnipro could be very difficult.
Mothers forced to give away children in the 1950s, '60s and '70s will receive a formal apology.
Health secretary asks judges to rule whether union has mandate for the last day of its next walkout.
The charity blames post-pandemic declining footfall as well as rising costs for the magazine's demise.
The first minister spoke after meeting the PM in London for the first time since taking office.
Martin Hibbert promised the paramedic who saved his life he would take him to a United FA Cup final.
Tuesday's papers cover Britons stuck in Sudan and many picture tributes to former Strictly Come Dancing judge Len Goodman following his death.
The dance teacher shot to fame as a last-minute addition as head judge on Strictly Come Dancing.
Lucy Humphrey's dog, Indie, "chose" the woman who was able to give her the transplant she needed.
Processions, ancient rituals, a fly-past and the crowning moment - the key stages of King Charles III's coronation.
Work has started on introducing the successor to the famous football game.
A growing number of brides and grooms are embracing technology for their big day.
Photographers and sky watchers are treated to a purple display in the night sky.
Voters have until Tuesday afternoon to apply for an alternative ID ahead of elections on 4 May.
Sir Keir Starmer condemns the senior MP's racism remarks and says he acted swiftly to suspend her.
A passenger's video shows the aircraft spitting fire shortly after take-off from Ohio.
A TikTok influencer set a trap for a man who was blackmailing her mum with a sex tape, a jury hears.
The star's book asked why Reeves "still walks among us" when others like River Phoenix had died.
Course records were smashed in some London Marathon elite races but how did slower runners get on?
The Equality and Human Rights Commission says proposals could breach the UK's international obligations.
The number of youngsters having jabs since the pandemic has fallen, UK health officials say.
Alessandra Korap Munduruku's defence of her group's territory led to a U-turn from Anglo American.
A sleep scientist and an artist have joined forces in a bid to interpret and explain our dreams.
Andy Mutter said the challenge at Corfe Castle was also to mark St George's Day.
A giant dragon in California's Disneyland Park is engulfed by fire during a show as visitors look on.
Chelsea are in talks with former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino, who is keen to take over as their new manager.
With no permanent manager, a disgruntled fanbase and a number of players underperforming, Simon Stone delves into the issues.
Mark Selby beats Gary Wilson 13-7 to set up an intriguing World Championship last-eight tie against fellow four-time champion John Higgins.
Veteran quarterback Aaron Rodgers will join the New York Jets after they agree a trade deal with the Green Bay Packers.
Losing blood, running low on time, Sebastien Bellin knew his choices over the next hour would decide if he lived or died. Then he remembered the words of his old coach.
BBC Sport speaks to Borussia Dortmund experts to ask if the club's star player, England midfielder Jude Bellingham, will make a big-money move this year, or remain in Germany.
Interim manager Cristian Stellini is sacked by Tottenham Hotspur after four games in charge - with Ryan Mason replacing him.
Embassy staff were evacuated from Sudan in a rapid military operation at the weekend.
UK citizens in Sudan say they have been left behind, as other nations ramp up evacuations.
Amar, who lives in Edinburgh, was visiting family in the country at the time fighting started.
Video shows people boarding Dutch, French and Spanish aircraft as fighting rages in Khartoum.
Fighting is continuing in Sudan between the regular armed forces and a powerful paramilitary force.
There are growing questions about what can be done to help Britons trapped in the febrile situation.
The BBC has verified videos of fighting and spoken to fleeing residents to map the violence in Sudan's capital.
"William" says he's had to get out of Khartoum without the UK government's help.
Gen Burhan and Gen Dagalo's tense relationship has spiralled into conflict engulfing the country.
Overnight evacuations see hundreds of foreign diplomats and citizens leave Khartoum, following a week of fighting.
More RAF flights are expected overnight, as the military attempts to get hundreds out of the country.
A family from Glasgow tells the BBC about their perilous escape from Sudan to Egypt.
Thousands have fled the Sudanese capital since fighting began, but some say they feel safer at home.
A New York jury will decide whether Thinking Out Loud copied from Marvin Gaye's hit Let's Get it On.
Huw Pill, chief economist for the Bank of England, says asking for pay rises contributes to inflation.
The 2021 bombing during the evacuation from Afghanistan killed 170 civilians and 13 US soldiers.
They misspelled the word while repainting road markings after carrying out work on the gas network.
In court papers, Prince Harry says he was told to drop his legal cases because of the effect on the family.
The Cabinet Office says it is working with mobile operator Three, some of whose customers did not get the alert.
Communication is lost with Japan's Hakuto-R lunar moments before it is due to touch down.
British American Tobacco says it regrets violating sanctions by selling to Pyongyang from 2007 and 2017.
Oslo says it was not properly informed after a research rocket accidentally hit its territory.
NSPCC Cymru says children such as Lola James must be better protected.
Wednesday's headlines focus on airlifts for Britons in Sudan and Prince Harry's phone hacking case.
The UK has started evacuations - but not everyone is able to reach the airfield in Khartoum.
Danielle Watts had gum disease and pulled 13 of her own teeth because there were no NHS dentists.
Prince Harry's latest case over phone hacking is a family drama as well as a courtroom drama.
A potential re-run of the 2020 US election is on the cards - that's not exciting voters for now.
Explore a virtual tour of the royal church in the footsteps of King Charles.
The King of Calypso, who became a major voice in America's civil rights movement, died at home.
The deputy prime minster blames technology for mentioning a Slovenian ski resort in a message.
May's local elections will be the first time all voters in England must show photo ID.
Toddler Lola James was subjected to "several months of physical child abuse", the court heard.
Colin Beattie told journalists he did not know about the purchase before clarifying his comments.
Fans who applied to attend thought they had won, only to find out the tickets had already gone.
Money given for independence campaigning will not be returned if a second referendum does not take place.
From a Premier League relegation battle to European contenders - it is hard to believe the transformation at Aston Villa.
Jamie Vardy has fired Leicester to the Premier League title in the past, now he has a job on his hands to save the side from relegation.
Seven-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan maintains his healthy 10-6 lead over Luca Brecel in their World Championship quarter-final.
The FIA says "due process was followed" in the departure of a former employee after sexism allegations emerged against its president.
Promoted Burnley finally clinch the Championship title with a win over rivals Blackburn Rovers in the east Lancashire derby.
As England prepare to host a record Twickenham crowd, former and current players reflect on how far the women's game has come.
BBC Sport takes a look back at five of the key matches during Arsenal's last title win in 2004, when they famously ended the season unbeaten.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people can get extra help with energy bills.
Families evacuated from the conflict zone thank the government, saying "it was slow but we're here".
German politicians tell the BBC that British actions in Sudan hampered efforts of other countries.
Ukraine's president says his first call with China's leader since Russia's invasion was "meaningful".
Police say a man was found with stab injuries in Brentford, London, and died at the scene.
The government makes concessions on child detention in response to concerns from some of its own MPs.
Manchester City produce a superb performance to defeat leaders Arsenal and put Pep Guardiola's side in the driving seat to win the Premier League.
The rapper is found guilty of taking money from a fugitive billionaire to influence US politics.
In emotional testimony, she says she is trying to "get her life back" after the alleged 1996 rape.
A search at Mugdock Country Park is linked to the suspicious death of Marelle Sturrock in Glasgow.
The hacking case brought by Duke of Sussex leaves questions about royal relationships with the press.
Bogdan Bitik is killed and Corrado Zunino hit by suspected Russian fire in the Kherson region.
The royal couple have been visiting Liverpool as the city prepares to host Eurovision in May.
The offer covers two years, including an additional one-off payment for 2022/23 and a 5% pay rise.
Thursday's headlines criticise Coronation guests and includes plans to get police back on streets.
It got a bit personal at PMQs, but do name calling and playground politics make the public take notice?
The US film-maker's cinematic style has provided the inspiration for the latest social trend.
Investigative journalist Livvy Haydock on dealing with gangsters alongside an MS diagnosis.
One of the earliest scientific findings signed by a woman is part of a newly-digitised collection.
Schools face full or partial closures as teachers strike again in England and Northern Ireland.
Punters at Newbury racecourse assess the party's chances in West Berkshire in May's local elections.
The country increases its drone production after millions of pounds are raised through donations.
BBC Radio 4's Today programme debate hears views for keeping and scrapping the monarchy.
Nina Cresswell said tattoo artist William Hay attacked her after they met in a nightclub in 2010.
Steve Shanks had completed the 26.2-mile (42.1km) distance in under three hours on Sunday.
Japanese journalist Kenji Nagai was killed by a soldier during 2007 protests in Myanmar.
Andrew Bridgen was expelled "following the recommendation of a disciplinary panel".
Josef Schütz was convicted last June for his role in the killing of thousands at a concentration camp.
The former "daughter-in-law" of billionaire Lord Michel Ashcroft pleaded guilty to manslaughter.
Plans to extend the working life of the UK's largest opencast coalmine are turned down.
In a lawsuit filed on Wednesday, Disney alleges it has been the target of "government retaliation".
After their complaints got no response, the group decide to create a funny sign to get attention.
It is one of a series of sweeping reforms that would also see juries reduced from 15 to 12 members.
Rain Newton-Smith takes over as director general as the group reels from sexual misconduct claims.
The late Queen singer left his house and its contents, including lyrics and costumes, to Mary Austin.
Pep Guardiola says Manchester City are delivering when there is "no option but to win" after beating Arsenal to take control of the Premier League title race.
There will be twists and turns ahead, but Kevin de Bruyne and Erling Haaland will be key to Manchester City's pursuit of the Treble, writes Phil McNulty.
Ronnie O'Sullivan's hopes of a record eighth world title end as Luca Brecel stages a remarkable fightback to win 13-10.
Sheffield United beat West Brom to win promotion back to the Premier League after two years in the Championship.
Frank Lampard says he understands Chelsea fans' frustrations as a fifth loss in a row against Brentford at Stamford Bridge was met with boos.
Trent Alexander-Arnold tells BBC Breakfast why he wants to support young players who drop out of Premier League academies.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer describes how Manchester City's Kevin de Bruyne and Erling Haaland "bullied" Arsenal's central defenders in their 4-1 win over the Gunners.
There have been emotional reunions as thousands of people take advantage of a ceasefire to flee Sudan.
One family decribe their delight at their safe return to the UK from the war in Sudan.
Eight flights are expected to evacuate people from Sudan to Cyprus throughout Wednesday.
A British doctor who was shot is desperate to get out of Sudan, but won't leave his mother.
Thousands have fled the Sudanese capital since fighting began, but some say they feel safer at home.
Over 300 British nationals have now boarded four flights from Sudan, according to the Foreign Office.
The UK has started evacuations - but not everyone is able to reach the airfield in Khartoum.
Gen Burhan and Gen Dagalo's tense relationship has spiralled into conflict engulfing the country.
Ahmed Haroun is charged with 40 counts of war crimes and crimes against humanity in the Darfur region.
A lab has been seized by one of the sides involved in fighting in Khartoum, according to the WHO.
A journey through the once-vibrant capital city of Khartoum after fighting broke out in the country ten days ago.
His show brought fights, flying chairs, and the fringes of US society to a global audience.
Police believe it is David Yates, 36, the partner of Marelle Sturrock who was found dead on Tuesday.
Julian Knight strongly denies any wrongdoing, after police dropped an investigation into him.
The warring sides agree to renew the truce just before it is due to end but there are doubts it can hold.
Wafaa Salim says it was "horrible" having to leave her nieces and nephews behind in Sudan.
The force has not learned from mistakes in the case of serial killer Stephen Port, a report says.
Temperatures reach 38.8C in southern Spain today as heat from Africa brings summer early.
The RMT is to strike after talks in long-running pay dispute break down again.
The actor alleges that the paper commissioned private investigators to break into his home.
The government took the nurses' union to court in a bitter dispute over whether the strike was lawful.
Staff at Whorlton Hall were prosecuted after their behaviour was exposed in a BBC Panorama film.
Oleksandr Mishchenko died in an explosion outside his apartment block in the city of Melitopol.
The supermarket and Marmite-maker reject suggestions they are not protecting customers from inflation.
Friday's front headlines cover the latest rail strikes announced and the death of Jerry Springer.
The BBC speaks to analysts to help map out the scenarios that may unfold in the next few weeks.
Lack of ammunition is hampering Ukrainian fighters as they prepare an expected major offensive.
Immigration minister Robert Jenrick wrongly said the UN could help Sudanese refugees come to the UK.
The building has now been handed back to the owner following a police investigation into the blaze.
Microsoft's president said a UK watchdog's move to block its Activision deal was "bad for Britain."
As the cost of grabbing lunch on the go rises we compare prices at some of the UK's biggest retailers.
Trent Alexander-Arnold tells BBC Breakfast why he wants to support young players who drop out of academies at top football clubs.
After years of counting the dead, Mark Bryant says he's grown numb to the toll of US gun violence.
Anglo-Saxon coins, taken from an undeclared Viking hoard, were touted to international collectors.
Schools face full or partial closures as teachers strike again in England.
Director Ahmed Farah was inspired to make the series after hearing young people talk on TikTok.
Amid tensions between its giant neighbours, Bhutan finds itself increasingly vulnerable.
A look back at some of the sensational shows that made Jerry Springer must watch TV.
The decision marks the firm's "darkest day" in the UK, as it says the EU is a better place to start a business.
The government has unveiled the biggest shake-up of gambling laws in nearly two decades.
Teachers are on picket lines in the National Education Union's fourth national strike day in England.
Union Aslef announces three fresh strike days after bosses reject a 4% pay offer from train firms.
Barbara Walker, Rory Pilgrim, Ghislaine Leung and Jesse Darling are shortlisted for the art award.
Yoon Suk-yeol is invited by the US president to sing after a White House state dinner.
Reaching Gough Island, a British territory, involves a seven-day boat ride from South Africa.
The couple arrived near Merthyr Tydfil to wet and windy weather in hiking gear.
Billy Harris, who plays Colin Hughes, talks about his real-life football skills from his self-tape.
Son Heung-min's 79th-minute equaliser completes a fine Spurs comeback against Manchester United in Ryan Mason's first game back as interim boss.
Chelsea's wait for a first Women's Champions League trophy goes on following defeat to Barcelona, but manager Emma Hayes believes the "gap is closing" on Europe's elite.
Ferrari's Charles Leclerc insists he has not had talks with Mercedes - but fuels claims of a potential move by adding "not yet".
Everton suffered a chastening 4-1 home defeat by Newcastle to leave them second bottom and two points off safety, but Sean Dyche is confident his side can survive.
Mark Allen claims a 5-3 lead over Mark Selby in an absorbing first session of their World Championship semi-final, after Si Jiahui edges Luca Brecel 5-3.
Everton boss Sean Dyche says his side were "soft" in the basic principles of defending during the 4-1 defeat against Newcastle at Goodison Park.
Prof Sir John Curtice considers what the 4 May local elections in England might mean for the prime minister.
Find out if there is an election where you live, who you can vote for and where you can vote.
Voters in England will need to show photo ID before being allowed to vote in local elections on 4 May.
The rules on everything from dogs, children, ID and selfies to voting while drunk.
Local elections in some parts of England and Northern Ireland are taking place in May.
As the cost of food continues to rise, we hear some top tips on making savings at lunchtime.
There could be further full school closures in England if members of more unions vote to strike.
The party leadership believes support for independence needs to be higher to force another referendum.
The head teacher of the Cambridge primary school says she was left feeling suicidal after Ofsted's visit.
The BBC’s Analysis Editor Ros Atkins examines the row that's led to Richard Sharp's resignation.
Dillon Reeves is being hailed as a hero for his swift action, which saved 66 students aboard the bus.
King Charles releases new coronation pictures, as a host of stars are announced for the concert.
The RSF paramilitary leader says "We don't want to destroy Sudan" and denies blame for violence.
He has been cleared to fly out after first being turned away because UK nationals were the priority.
Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and Sir Jim Ratcliffe's Ineos Group submit final bids for Manchester United.
"It's beautiful," said the educator, who was forced to resign after students were shown the masterpiece.
Diane Abbott and Jeremy Corbyn, two leading left-wing MPs, have been suspended from Labour by Sir Keir.
The Dutch man, 41, could be fined more than $100,000 by a court if he tries to donate again.
Most papers report on Richard Sharp's resignation after a report found he breached public appointments rules.
Writers say streaming has cut into their wages, and they will strike if they don't get a better deal.
Charles is a king with his heart in the Highlands, but is Scotland ready to claim him as its own?
People in Clay Cross discuss the area's political history and what might happen on 4 May.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken in the past seven days.
How unlocking her naughty side changed Jessie Ware's career and gave her musical freedom.
The Atabani family tell the BBC that thousands are stuck at the border as the cost to cross soars.
He resigned as BBC chairman despite his side's belief that he could retain his job.
A near-collision between Chinese and Philippine vessels underscores the dangers in disputed waters.
Ryan Gosling, Martin Scorsese and Oprah Winfrey also appeared at the annual film convention.
Two train strikes are now scheduled which may cause disruption for those travelling to Liverpool.
Voters in North Warwickshire reveal the issues that matter to them ahead of local elections on 4 May.
Schools face full or partial closures as teachers strike again in England.
Sources who know the former PM say he would have used the money to fund his lifestyle.
Florent Ibenge, in charge of the country's leading club, hopes to be reunited with his players soon.
Oleksandr Bondarenko had volunteered to defend his country at the start of Russia's 2022 invasion.
An official says morgues are running out of space as the number of attempted crossings soars,
Some 170,000 16 to 24-year-olds in England may have the undiagnosed condition which can affect the heart.
The Princess of Wales allows a baby to have a close look at her handbag during a walkabout in Aberfan, Wales.
The ancient symbol of Scotland's monarchy leaves Edinburgh Castle on its way to London for the coronation.
His final edition of The Late Late Show featured Harry Styles, Will Ferrell and President Joe Biden.
The BBC's music correspondent breaks down 'Thinking Out Loud' and 'Let's Get it On'.
The mark of winners is that no matter how tough the game is, they find a way to win. Manchester United are looking more and more like potential WSL champions.
Chinese debutant Si Jiahui, 20, leads Luca Brecel 14-10 in a thrilling World Championship semi-final in Sheffield.
Blackpool's two-season stay in the Championship comes to an end after they are defeated by play-off chasing Millwall.
Even England head coach Simon Middleton is nervous about a Women's Six Nations Grand Slam decider dripping with storylines.
Watch highlights as Millie Turner's injury-time winner boosts Man Utd's Women's Super League title hopes with a 3-2 win at Aston Villa.
Former England batter Ravi Bopara says England players signing full-time contracts with teams owned by Indian Premier League (IPL) franchises is "coming".
Royal College of Nursing members in England start their 28-hour strike at 20:00 BST on Sunday.
The pledge is among several changes to the service, which will incorporate female clergy and other faiths.
The government said the airlift has been "extremely successful" after 1,888 people were rescued.
Watch the moment Muammar Ali meets his three-month-old daughter as his family joins him in the UK.
Laura Kuenssberg asks what could go right and wrong for political parties at the polls next week.
Prof Waters says a "terrible injustice" was done to her sister and now wants radical reform.
Police in Cleveland, Texas, say the victims were killed over an argument about shooting practice.
A lifeboat has been sent and everyone on board is safe, says the ferry company.
The animal was a popular attraction, but euthanised in August out of public safety concerns.
Broadcaster Jeff Stelling announces he will leave Sky Sports' flagship Soccer Saturday show next month.
Young, who also starred in Last of the Summer Wine, was warm-hearted and brilliant, her family say.
An image depicting Richard Sharp has been criticised by Jewish groups and removed from the paper's website.
Sunday's front pages focus on King Charles's much-anticipated Coronation ceremony.
A combative media, a colonial past and rebellious children. Can other royal families help the UK's new monarch?
When Ukraine takes part in Eurovision on 13 May, its frontline LGBT troops will be taking inspiration.
Robert Frid is given another 10 years in jail for 1986 attack on three-year-old girl.
A culture of instant buying, paying, and delivery brings convenience but could expose our finances to harm.
A group of mums of children with life-shortening conditions plan to tackle three Welsh peaks.
The Turkish leader holds a rally in the opposition stronghold of Izmir after falling ill on Tuesday.
The village of Pennan and its red phone box were made famous by the classic 1983 Bill Forsyth movie.
There will be one glaring absence among the dignitaries at King Charles' coronation: US President Joe Biden.
Photographers speak about their quests to capture the beauty of the Northern Lights.
Over 20 NHS medics were initially told they could not board flights as they were not British nationals.
How unlocking her naughty side changed Jessie Ware's career and gave her musical freedom.
Part of Warhol's 1977 Athletes series, the painting is signed by the controversial US football player.
The Atabani family tell the BBC that thousands are stuck at the border as the cost to cross soars.
Mining is banned and logging restricted in a vast Amazon area and some other indigenous reserves.
The prime minister thinks most people will stick to the English name dropped by the national park.
England captain Marlie Packer sets her sights on bigger things after a record crowd sees her side win a Grand Slam at Twickenham.
Mark Selby withstands a dramatic Mark Allen fightback to win a late-night finish 17-15 as he reaches his sixth World Championship final.
A defiant George Russell rejects Max Verstappen's criticisms after the pair collide at the start of the Azerbaijan Grand Prix sprint race.
The thumping 6-0 victory over Wolves leaves Brighton well-placed to qualify for Europe for the first time in the club's history.
BBC Scotland's chief sportswriter Tom English previews Sunday's Rangers v Celtic Scottish Cup semi-final.
Luca Brecel wins 11 frames in a row during the greatest-ever Crucible comeback to beat Si Jiahui 17-15 and reach the World Championship final.
England seal a Six Nations Grand Slam at Twickenham, holding on for a 38-33 victory against France.
The BBC's Chief International Correspondent Lyse Doucet reports from Port Sudan as thousands flee.
It is the first time some nurses who work in A&E, intensive care and cancer services have walked out.
Abu Hussein al-Qurayshi was killed by Turkish forces on Saturday, Turkey's President Erdogan says.
The victim, aged in his 30s, died at the scene and a man aged 24 is arrested on suspicion of murder.
The attack happened in Caerphilly county, where there have been two previous fatal dog attacks.
Video shows suspects making a getaway on motorbikes from the city's flagship Bulgari store.
An airbase was transformed into a life-size replica of the procession route for the troops to practise.
The former prime minister says most of the bill relates to using Chevening for government business.
The flight follows the evacuation of 2,122 people on 23 flights from an airfield near Khartoum.
Video shows burning chunks of the large building's facade falling to the ground.
Mark Selby creates history as he becomes the first player to make a maximum 147 break in a World Championship final, but trails Luca Brecel 9-8 overall.
Shareholders claim the sportswear giant knew about the rapper's behaviour before it cut ties in 2022.
New rules on extremists in custody will also stop them from playing a "leading role" in religious services.
Monday's front pages carry a mix of stories, including the 28-hour nurses strike in England.
A housing project in south London is selling flats with prices set according to local income levels.
From low pay to juggling meetings - what's it like to be a young councillor in England?
Australia is already home to some of the hottest and driest wine regions on the planet.
Footage filmed for the 1969 Royal Family documentary shows King Charles III with Queen Elizabeth II.
A group of mums of children with life-shortening conditions plan to tackle three Welsh peaks.
Business booms in a free-for-all industry less than a year after Thailand legalised cannabis.
Sunday's front pages focus on King Charles's much-anticipated Coronation ceremony.
The pontiff addressed up to 100,000 people, including Hungary's nationalist PM Viktor Orban.
Francisco Oropeza is accused of killing five of his neighbours in Texas, including an eight-year-old.
The child was located in scrubland near Ellensburg, Washington, after she ran off and was reported missing.
Bruce Springsteen and Steven Spielberg joined the ex-US president for dinner in the Catalan capital.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says referee Paul Tierney appears to have something "against" his team after their 4-3 win over Tottenham.
Watch as Mark Selby makes history as the first player ever to make a 147 maximum break in a World Snooker Championship final.
Erling Haaland nets his 50th goal of the season as Manchester City chase the Treble and he still has a chance to break Dixie Dean's English scoring record.
The 2023 Women's Six Nations saw record crowds and more contracted players than ever before, but what is next for the sport which continues to evolve?
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer is confident his old club Newcastle will secure a top-four finish and qualify for next season's Champions League.
The remaining four weeks of the season will be defining for Tottenham, Harry Kane and chairman Daniel Levy, says chief football writer Phil McNulty.
Processions, ancient rituals, a fly-past and the crowning moment - the key stages of King Charles III's coronation.
A host of events have been planned all over the country for the coronation weekend.
Russia has suffered more than 100,000 causalities in the battle for Bakhmut, the White House says.
The two "exceptional" evacuation flights had taken off from Port Sudan earlier on Monday evening.
A meeting later is likely to see a deal in England agreed but nurses are still threatening strikes.
Belgium's Luca Brecel becomes the first player from mainland Europe to win snooker's World Championship, beating Mark Selby 18-15 in Sheffield.
The young royal was photographed in Windsor by her mother, the Princess of Wales, at the weekend.
The body which represents UK supermarkets says the cost of a food shop should ease in the coming months.
The King will wear layers of glittering garments, some of which were created for George V.
A woman, believed to be in her 30s, died at the scene in Stockwell Park Walk, the Met Police said.
Almost 300 people are arrested across France in clashes with demonstrators angry at pension reforms.
Leicester City and Everton have to settle for a draw in a chaotic match which leaves both in deep trouble at the wrong end of the Premier League table.
Steven Tyler and co will say "peace out" to North America from later this year.
Host Jeremy Seydoux is surprised when a climate activist interrupts a local election debate.
The impact of NHS strikes and a call for the head of the civil service to resign lead the papers.
Sudanese citizens say they can't escape because their passports are inside closed European embassies.
A housing project in south London is selling flats with prices set according to local income levels.
So-called "time-banking" schemes are letting people get paid in time credits for the work they do.
A university student told staff he ate the fruit on display because he was hungry.
Authorities in a Japanese city decided too many people were displaying poor manners while playing it.
Ian Smith couldn't help the impromptu move as Rita Ora performed at the Prince's Trust event in New York.
The former US president has flown into Aberdeen on his first visit to the UK since 2019.
Damaging tornadoes hit south Florida and the city of Virginia Beach over the weekend.
Ukraine will boycott the World Judo Championships after it was decided athletes from Russia and Belarus would be allowed to compete as neutrals.
First Republic was seized by regulators, making it the third major US bank to fail in recent months.
Ding Liren, 30, defeated his higher-ranked Russian opponent in a rapid tiebreaker game.
Charlie McLeod's mum Emma Laney says she feels "a lot more should have been done" to help him.
Despite Arsenal's last-gasp Women's Champions League semi-final defeat by Wolfsburg, there was a sense of immense pride for manager Jonas Eidevall.
Watch the best shots from Luca Brecel as he beats Mark Selby 18-15 at the World Snooker Championship in Sheffield.
A 16-year-old Allana Slater had a choice: say nothing or trust her instincts and speak up... She chose the latter.
Novak Djokovic will be able to play at the US Open after the United States confirmed international travellers will no longer need to be vaccinated against Covid-19.
Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff says the Azerbaijan Grand Prix was "boring" and Formula 1 needs look at what to do about it.
Jordan Pickford's penalty save from James Maddison in the draw at Leicester may prove crucial in Everton's survival bid, with a helping hand from some cunning planning.
British number one Cameron Norrie is knocked out of the Madrid Open as China's world number 99 Zhang Zhizhen's surprise run continues.
The presenting duo are goodwill ambassadors for King Charles III's charity, the Prince's Trust.
The grim hospital where even basic needs cannot be met and children die of preventable diseases.
Scotland Yard says he was detained after throwing suspected shotgun cartridges into palace grounds.
Ministers agree to pay a 5% rise in England - but nurses are still threatening strike action.
Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney celebrated with thousands of Wrexham supporters in the city centre.
For the first time at a coronation, the public are being invited to swear allegiance to the monarch.
Age UK says a programme of shared hubs should be accelerated to help those who want face-to-face banking.
More rigorous trials are needed to confirm the findings, the Canadian researchers say.
Coronation celebrations will depend on millions working through the weekend, say trade unions.
The Cabinet Office updates MPs on the circumstances around her talks about a senior Labour role.
Jake Hill is charged with murder, attempted murder and causing grievous bodily harm, police say.
Argentina captain Lionel Messi is suspended for two weeks by Paris St-Germain for missing training to travel to Saudi Arabia without the club's permission.
Colin Marr died from a single blow from a kitchen knife in 2007 after a row with his fiancée Candice Bonar.
The Foreign Office says more rescue flights will take place out of Port Sudan on Wednesday.
Restaurants are extracting energy from their kitchen fumes and using it to heat the whole business.
The clever design of the MV Glenachulish ferry makes it ideal for navigating challenging tidal conditions.
The number of under-30s working in English and Welsh prisons has gone up by about 60% in five years.
Kenyans are trying to fathom why more than 100 people may have starved to death in an isolated camp.
Critics want the windfall tax to be extended after BP and Shell reported record profits in 2022.
With the contest just days away, its 1993 presenter recalls the drama of the show she hosted in Ireland.
Late-night shows are first affected, but history proves the impact of the strike may be bigger.
It has been a night of celebration in Wrexham as the city's football sides celebrate promotions.
Republican lawmaker Calvin Bahr casts a vote at a legislative meeting streamed live on YouTube.
Strong profits lead to renewed calls for energy firms to pay more tax, with households facing high bills.
Principal James Marsh gets a surprise at Zela Elementary School in West Virginia.
Doja Cat was among the stars paying tribute not just to Karl Lagerfeld - but also his famous feline.
Rockets are launched into Israel after a prominent Palestinian prisoner dies in an Israeli jail.
The owner of the dating app follows other global brands that cut ties in 2022.
Sir Keir Starmer said his party was "likely to move on" from its previous policy of scrapping fees.
Market conditions improving after prices fall for seven consecutive months, Nationwide says.
Cost savings for milk and other dairy goods should be passed on, the industry body says.
Liz Renshaw captured the family having fun on the trampoline in her back garden.
A law that seeks to give Canadian artists a boost online has led to some accusations of censorship.
Martin Odegaard scores twice as Arsenal beat a sorry Chelsea at Emirates Stadium to return to the top of the Premier League.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is charged by the FA for his comments about referee Paul Tierney after his side's 4-3 win against Tottenham on Sunday.
Austin Killips becomes the first transgender athlete to win a UCI women's stage race at the Tour of the Gila in New Mexico.
Rory McIlroy says his "mental and emotional wellbeing" was a reason for him withdrawing from the RBC Heritage event last month.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says it would be "a pity" if they had to impose a broadcast blackout in Europe's top five football nations for this year's Women's World Cup.
Chelsea and England midfielder Fran Kirby confirms she will miss the World Cup because of a knee problem which requires surgery.
Arsenal are back on top of the Premier League table but the odds remain against them winning the Premier League title, writes Phil McNulty.
While millions tune into the coronation, some people will make a conscious effort not to watch.
Processions, ancient rituals, a fly-past and the crowning moment - the key stages of King Charles III's coronation.
From royalty and world leaders to volunteers and celebrities - here's what we know about the guest list.
A host of events have been planned all over the country for the coronation weekend.
The rules on everything from dogs, children, ID and selfies to voting while drunk.
Local elections in some parts of England and Northern Ireland are taking place in May.
"We don't attack Putin or Moscow. We fight on on our territory," the Ukrainian leader says.
Sir Richard Branson says the pandemic left his businesses near collapse and him "a little depressed".
Processions, ancient rituals, a fly-past and the crowning moment - the key stages of King Charles III's coronation.
A 13-year-old schoolboy is arrested after at least nine are killed at a primary school in Belgrade.
Voters will head to the polls later on Thursday for the biggest round of elections since 2019.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland scores against West Ham to break the record for goals in a Premier League season.
The US star paid tribute to her "idol" Sir James Galway after he performed with her at the Met Gala.
A report says the NHS is failing to meet targets around services for pregnant women and new mums.
The Federal Trade Commission says it wants to stop Facebook's owner from making money out of children.
An operation, which has seen more than 2,300 people rescued, enters its final stages.
The US central bank announces its tenth rate rise, while signalling it may be the last increase for now.
A medical examiner has ruled the cause of death to be homicide, from "compression of neck".
Her estranged husband says she has assets including 25 residential properties worth $80m and 21 farms.
Security preparations ahead of the Coronation and a warning from the police lead the papers.
Russia accuses Ukraine of trying to kill President Putin in a drone attack, which Ukraine denies.
Ukrainian troops preparing for a major offensive use a wind-up phone to stop the enemy listening in.
Whoever wins, the host city hopes fans and the global spotlight will deliver an even bigger prize.
Content about the condition generates billions of views, but is it driving too many to self-diagnose?
The grim hospital where even basic needs cannot be met and children die of preventable diseases.
The singer-songwriter of the popular tune talked to the BBC about the inspiration behind the song.
Has the Partygate probe chief who wants to work for Labour acted properly? And why are some people so angry?
After two decades of turmoil people in Darfur, west Sudan, are scared of being targets once again.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people can get extra help with energy bills.
The podcaster and fundraiser's final on-air chat on BBC Radio 5 Live wins a prestigious Aria Award.
The stars will be inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, as will Chaka Khan and Missy Elliott.
The leaseholder says she has "had enough" after intervention from Heineken, Carlsberg and Innserve.
Cristiano Ronaldo has become the world's highest-paid athlete for the first time since 2017 following his move to Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr.
Samie Elishi says she wouldn't have got the lump checked out if fans hadn't got in touch with her.
Members of the National Education Union held a fifth national strike day in England on Tuesday.
Police search Jair Bolsonaro's home as part of an investigation into false data in a vaccination database.
The presenter is suing over articles alleging he misled people about a tiger rescue charity.
Jimmy Fallon and Stephen Colbert's talk shows are among those taken off air as TV writers strike.
Dashcam footage shows the moment an out-of-control vehicle narrowly misses a US police officer.
Russian racing driver Nikita Mazepin begins High Court action against the UK government to try and get sanctions against him lifted.
Spaces shared by several different lenders could help communities that have seen all their branches close.
Despite new leads in the case, police cannot yet say what happened to Daniel Entwistle.
Night-time parade rehearsals showcase just some of the pomp and ceremony happening at the weekend.
The party risks losing £1.2m of public funds if it does not file its accounts by the end of the month.
Erling Haaland scores a record-breaking 35th Premier League goal of the season as Manchester City beat West Ham to return to the top of the table.
Sergio Garcia, Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood will be ineligible to play in this year's Ryder Cup after resigning from the DP World Tour.
New Leeds United boss Sam Allardyce says there is nobody ahead of him "in football terms" as a manager - not even Pep Guardiola.
Chelsea's Women's Super League title hopes remain in their own hands after Sam Kerr's late goal gives them victory over Liverpool.
American sprinter Tori Bowie, a three-time Olympic medallist and former 100m world champion, has died aged 32.
Liverpool's outside hopes of qualifying for next season's Champions League remain alive after Mohamed Salah continues his remarkable Anfield scoring form to help sink Fulham.
Voters in England will need to show photo ID before being allowed to vote in local elections on 4 May.
The BBC's Ione Wells explains, in a minute, the new rules in England ahead of local elections on 4 May.
Local elections in some parts of England and Northern Ireland are taking place in May.
The Royal Family have been preparing for the Coronation, along with fans and the workers making it happen.
Campaign groups have received letters reminding them about penalties under new protest laws.
A look at whether you can expect rain or sunshine between Saturday 6 May and Monday 8 May.
Here's how to follow the UK's first coronation in 70 years.
Pictures of the Coronation dress rehearsal in central London.
A host of events have been planned all over the country for the Coronation weekend.
Coronation celebrations will depend on millions working through the weekend, say trade unions.
While millions tune into the coronation, some people will make a conscious effort not to watch.
From royalty and world leaders to volunteers and celebrities - here's what we know about the guest list.
The counting of votes is beginning across England after the biggest set of local polls since 2019.
At first glance things may seem normal, but with a closer look Moscow's narrative of the war is prominent.
After the Coronation service, who will be invited to appear on the palace balcony?
The singer-songwriter had denied stealing parts of Marvin Gaye's Let's Get It On for his 2014 hit.
Napoli finally end their 33-year wait to win Serie A, sparking scenes of celebration in football-mad Naples.
The Star Wars actress's siblings were not invited to her Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony.
The White House told executives that they have a "moral" duty to make sure their products are safe.
Xiaotong Huang used money to pay her University of Stirling student fees and to buy luxury items.
Demonstrators are calling for justice for Jordan Neely, who died after being placed in a chokehold.
The ex-president appears to mistake E Jean Carroll for Marla Maples in a deposition played in court.
Jurors reach verdicts in a long-running trial of members of the far-right group over Jan 6 riots.
Record profits posted by energy company Shell and the build-up to the Coronation lead the papers.
Mohamed Osman had to leave his home and make the perilous overland journey to Egypt with his family.
Processions, ancient rituals, a fly-past and the crowning moment - the key stages of King Charles III's coronation.
Pictures as people across the UK get ready to celebrate on Saturday.
The singer - who's been linked with The 1975's Matty Healy - gets more attention than most celebs.
Cosmonauts threw a parcel of hardware into open space in a planned manoeuvre.
Olena Zelenska gets a warm welcome to the UK from Akshata Murty on the steps of Downing Street.
A new report urges improvements to the process of submitting complaints within the armed forces.
After a 13-year-old opens fire on his class, mourners leave tributes to the murdered children.
The drone was Ukrainian and downed by the country's own forces after it reportedly lost control.
The drone footage off the Dorset coast was captured by Gee Findley who was taking an early morning walk.
An anti-vaccine conspiracy film is supercharging the harassment of bereaved people
Italy's foreign minister pulls out of a trip to Paris amid criticism from the French government.
Once a vilified figure Camilla has become an accepted senior royal. Her friends say her crowning will be a moment she never thought would happen.
Johanita Dogbey's family describe her as a "smart, dedicated and loving girl".
It has been described as the Citizen Kane of horror movies - and one of the worst films ever made.
The Bank of England says the number of mortgages approved in March increased but from low levels.
Parents encouraged to check their children are up to date with their vaccinations.
Asia Abdelmajid, famous for her stage performances, is buried in the grounds of a kindergarten.
A Canadian man is being held on suspicion of selling a substance linked to suicides to people worldwide.
Two Palestinians accused of last month's deadly attack are killed during an Israeli raid in Nablus.
Classrooms are being left empty as the cost of living in the capital means families are moving out.
Liv Stirling's wedding dress accidentally ended up for sale at a car boot sale.
BBC reporters on attitudes to the monarchy in three nations where Charles is still head of state.
Three people break into a shop in Peru and make off with 200 trainers - all for the right foot.
Murray Foote says he is willing to bet the ongoing investigation will not result in any charges.
Morocco plans to send renewable energy to Europe, but some want it to save it for its home market.
Russia accuses Ukraine of trying to kill President Putin in a drone attack, which Ukraine denies.
Experts say garbage containers with food are an ideal spot for bears who eat just about anything.
Having grown up birthing calves, this Florida officer was ready for action when needed.
Lewis had solo success in the 1970s and sang backing for the likes of David Bowie and Rod Stewart.
Two young people say they've fled the East African country because of the tough new anti-gay laws.
All eyes are on Vittoria di Savoia, the first female heir to the Italian crown in a millennium.
Brighton boss Roberto de Zerbi says "there is a god of football" after his side beat Manchester United with a 99th-minute penalty.
Steven Finn only played seven Ashes Tests but was involved in three series wins, including dragging himself back from being "not selectable".
Rory McIlroy begins his challenge for a fourth Wells Fargo Championship title with a three-under-par 68 at Quail Hollow.
Fernando Alonso says Formula 1 should give its rules more time before taking action to try to fix the lack of on-track entertainment.
Early tries from Darnell McIntosh and Jake Clifford help Hull FC to a surprise victory over leaders Wigan Warriors.
Spanish journalist Guillem Balague believes England midfielder Jude Bellingham fits the profile of the kind of player Real Madrid want to sign, and says the club's 'aura' is a key part of the club's appeal to top players.
Brighton snatched a dramatic win over Champions League-chasing Manchester United courtesy of a 99th-minute penalty by Alexis Mac Allister.
Home economics teacher Sheila Clark says members of the Royal Family often recognise her at events.
If you are not a royal watcher, here are five tips for avoiding the Coronation celebrations.
The Prince and Princess of Wales hop on the Elizabeth Line to a Soho pub to get some lessons.
King Charles III's Coronation celebrations will begin with a procession to Westminster Abbey.
Ornate coaches, Spitfires and a dog called Seamus - some of the likely highlights of the day's two processions and fly-past.
Here’s how you can put on a great bash with delicious food and drink.
From royalty and world leaders to volunteers and celebrities - here's what we know about the guest list.
People across the UK and beyond are preparing to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III.
Labour claims it is on track for power, after the Tories lose more than 1,000 councillors in local elections across England.
The Tories suffer from a competitive political landscape, writes BBC political editor Chris Mason.
The monarch is seen laughing and shaking hands with crowds on the Mall a day before his coronation.
Video shows people smashing windows to try to escape at Clapham Common station.
Reigning champions Kalush Orchestra kick off the official build-up to the song contest in Liverpool.
The video shows Donald Trump mistaking his accuser E Jean Carroll for his ex-wife in a photo.
The High court dismisses case brought by animal activists against a government change in policy.
He is found wounded in the street on Friday afternoon.
BMA Scotland members overwhelmingly back a three-day strike amid a pay dispute with the Scottish government.
Close to 20 million people are likely to have died during the last three years, says the WHO.
Mohamed Nur is accused of murdering Johanita Dogbey and of recent stabbing attacks on three others.
Conservative colleagues have paid tribute to Gillian Lemmon who died on Friday.
Flash flooding surrounded a lorry driver who was crossing the Gulana-Kulalu causeway in Kenya.
Processions, ancient rituals, a fly-past and the crowning moment - the key stages of King Charles III's coronation.
The King's Coronation marks a moment of reinvention for a nation at ease with its eccentricity.
Ornate coaches, Spitfires and a dog called Seamus - some of the likely highlights of the day's two processions and fly-past.
Follow the King's Coronation order of service, line by line.
Here's how to follow the UK's first coronation in 70 years.
The Coronation dominates the papers on Saturday - with the majority of tabloids focusing on the royal event.
Eighty years after their plane crashed, the story of a Halifax bomber crew is finally being told.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken in the past seven days.
After a tortuous wait, Azza is heading to the UK with her children, but without her husband.
The monarch and the Queen Consort have a special message for travellers.
Subtract sees the singer adopt a more stripped-back style as he reflects on a challenging year.
Joseph Sullivan was convicted over covering up a security breach of 57 million user accounts in 2016.
For the first time at a coronation, the public are being invited to swear allegiance to the monarch.
The force said it was necessary so officers and staff could wear protective FFP3 masks.
Russian Valery Stavitsky grabbed the banner after it was held up behind his colleague by a Ukrainian MP.
Dundee edge an astonishing eight-goal, winner-takes-all title decider against Queen's Park to clinch promotion straight back to the Scottish Premiership.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team "desperately" need car upgrades after a difficult Friday practice at the Miami Grand Prix.
Arsenal can "100%" win the Women's Super League title after victory against Leicester moved them within six points of leaders Manchester United, says Gunners defender Jen Beattie.
Dina Asher-Smith finishes third as Sha'Carri Richardson sets a new 100m meeting record at the opening Diamond League of the season in Doha.
BBC Sport looks back at the best of Katherine Sciver-Brunt as the England bowler announces her international retirement.
Catalans Dragons end a three-game winless run with a superb performance to beat resurgent reigning champions St Helens.
Find out who won in your area and see all the latest analysis of the elections
Is Labour on course, as polls suggest, for a potential general election victory next year?
Missed today's coverage? Here's some of the most important moments from the last 24 hours.
The party takes seats in rural Tory areas and sole control of a council for the first time at an election.
Sir Ed Davey says he has a "Cheshire Cat" grin on his face as his party gains control of 12 councils.
Recrimination, even infighting, is already under way among the Tories, writes BBC political editor Chris Mason.
Some would-be voters complain about being turned away from polling stations as new rules applied.
Losing over 1,000 council seats would be an extremely bad result for the Conservatives, the BBC's Nick Eardley explains.
Liberal Democrat Chris Twells was set to represent both Tetbury with Upton and Ordsall.
King Charles and Queen Camilla have been crowned on a day of pageantry, history - and downpours.
Republic CEO Graham Smith was among 52 detained in London, as protests were held around the UK.
He was not invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony after the service, the BBC understands.
The UN watchdog warns of "the threat of a severe nuclear accident" at the Russian-held Zaporizhzhia plant.
Thursday's vote was a useful snapshot, showing Labour is well on its way and the Tories are in trouble.
The genus is named Saurona, as marks on the insect's wings look like the all-seeing eye in Tolkien's books.
The 86-year-old is still in hospital after suffering from a lung infection linked to his leukaemia.
Nationalist Zakhar Prilepin has surgery and his driver is killed in a car bomb in Nizhny Novgorod region.
Questions about the country's gun laws are being asked following two separate attacks this week.
Red Bull's Sergio Perez takes pole position for the Miami Grand Prix while team-mate and title rival Max Verstappen will start only ninth.
At least 30 people are reported to have been killed in violence over job and opportunity quotas.
The BBC understands the force asked the NCA to carry out a peer review of its inquiry last year.
Rodrygo scores twice as Real Madrid win the Copa del Rey for the first time since 2014 after beating Osasuna.
Sunday's front pages focus on the King's "crowning glory" as the world watches the Coronation.
The grim hospital where even basic needs cannot be met and children die of preventable diseases.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The midfielder had no time to gather his belongings as fighting broke out in his neighbourhood.
Surrounded by candlelight and the glow of gold, you could feel the expectation, writes the BBC's Sean Coughlan.
A host of events have been planned all over the country for the Coronation weekend.
The King, his siblings, children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
The 55ft fin whale had become a macabre attraction with people reportedly travelling to see it.
Backers who want Wrexham to win City of Culture status hope football success will boost the bid.
Police are investigating after a woman in her 60s fell into the road and died from head injuries.
Sporting events play the national anthem in special tribute to mark the coronation of King Charles III.
A special King James edition of the book has been edited to be as close to a 1611 text as possible.
The event, organised by All Under One Banner, culminated in a mass rally on Glasgow Green.
The US musician sang in a pub and saw children from a theatre school perform a boyband medley.
Manchester City are four points clear at the top of the Premier League - but Pep Guardiola still wasn't happy after their win over Leeds.
Only Alan Shearer stands in Harry Kane's way of the Premier League's goalscoring record after the Tottenham striker scores his 209th against Crystal Palace to surpass Wayne Rooney.
Mohamed Salah continues his scoring form as Liverpool defeat Brentford to move one point behind Manchester United in the race for the top four.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer explains how Ilkay Gundogan took "centre stage" after scoring two goals and missing a penalty in Manchester City's 2-1 win over Leeds.
Olympic gold medallist Lauren Price beats Kirstie Bavington in the inaugural British Female Welterweight Championship bout in Birmingham.
Munster turn in a steely defensive display to win away at Glasgow Warriors and set up a United Rugby Championship semi-final away to Leinster.
Seventy years after the last coronation, the crowning of King Charles III was a very different spectacle.
Kate's dress was designed by Alexander McQueen, while Camilla wore a Bruce Oldfield gown.
An MP holding a sword took a surprising star role, while the royal children shared a tender moment.
Here's how to follow the musical celebration at Windsor Castle
Guests from around the world were at Westminster Abbey to see the King crowned.
The Prince of Wales pledges loyalty to his father as the Coronation nears its end.
Some of the most memorable looks among the congregation at Westminster Abbey.
The Archbishop of Canterbury placed Queen Mary's crown on her head.
Penny Mordaunt carries sword ahead of King Charles
The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby places the St Edward's Crown on King Charles's head.
How King Charles' Coronation day unfolded
It was a big day at Westminster Abbey for Prince George, Louis and Princess Charlotte.
King Charles and Queen Camilla appear on Buckingham Palace's balcony, ahead of the flypast.
The Prince of Wales tells a packed Coronation concert Queen Elizabeth II would be a "proud mother".
A brilliant variety of pop stars, beloved characters and masters of music come together on stage.
The driver has been arrested and police say it is not yet clear if the incident was intentional.
The US treasury secretary warns Congress it must act to raise the country's borrowing limit.
Children could miss out on important life experiences due to higher prices, says Go Beyond.
Nick Read has admitted last year's accounts contained an "incorrect statement" about work done for the Horizon Inquiry.
Halifax apologises to a Money Box listener after rejecting his home loan application.
Lucy Frazer says police were right to factor in the momentous occasion after criticism over 52 arrests.
A 45-year-old man has been arrested after a fire which badly damaged buildings in a boat yard.
US media outlets name the suspect in the shooting of eight people as 33-year-old Mauricio Garcia.
Andy Murray wins his first title in nearly four years by beating Tommy Paul 2-6 6-1 6-2 in the final of the ATP Challenger event in Aix-en-Provence.
Gary Prado Salmón led troops who caught the famous Cuban revolutionary in the Bolivian jungle in 1967.
Monday's papers reflect on the Prince of Wales' heartfelt words for the King at the Coronation concert.
The story of a teenage girl and her charity, which was closed after concerned parents questioned her illness.
Twenty-year-old pop singer Alessandra will perform in a costume inspired by Queen Elizabeth I.
The dilemma for those trying to bring peace to Sudan and why it will be so hard to end the fighting.
Nearly 400 bodies have been retrieved following floods and landslides that hit two villages last week.
This year's Eurovision Song Contest hopefuls show off their style and moves on the turquoise carpet.
The reinstatement is part of a recent thaw in relations between Damascus and other Arab governments.
Questions about the country's gun laws are being asked following two separate attacks this week.
Reggae Roots in Leeds are one of many choirs coming together to sing for the King's coronation.
Two BBC journalists have spent the last few years building a mobile broadcast studio and office on two wheels.
One farmer said the fierce heat meant people had to finish work by 10 o'clock in the morning.
The blaze broke out while workers were about 100 metres underground, officials say.
Celtic clinch their second successive Scottish Premiership title under Ange Postecoglou as Kyogo Furuhashi's 30th goal of the season helps overcome stubborn 10-man Hearts at Tynecastle.
A suspicious object was placed in a man's car and he was ordered to drive to Omagh police station.
The UK ticket-holder is one of three winners to take a share of Friday's £138m jackpot.
Organisers say they updated the route for this year to showcase the best of the city.
David de Gea's Manchester United future is under scrutiny once more after his latest mistake against West Ham
Manger Ange Postecoglou praises the "absolutely ridiculous standard" his squad set in making it back-to-back Scottish Premiership titles.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen carves through the field to win the Miami Grand Prix from ninth on the grid.
Sir Alex Ferguson retiring as Manchester United boss was one of the biggest stories of the Premier League era. His club kept it secret for months. But eventually word got out...
MOTD2 pundit Jermain Defoe analyses David de Gea's performance against West Ham and insists he 'would have saved' the shot that gifted Said Benrahma the only goal of the game.
Chelsea ruthlessly expose Everton to keep the defence of their Women's Super League title firmly in their own hands.
Photos of the day after King Charles's Coronation, including street parties and lunches around the UK.
The Prince and Princess of Wales meet crowds celebrating the Coronation at Windsor.
The BBC's Duncan Kennedy breaks down the brief trip the Duke of Sussex made to the UK for the Coronation.
The royals are "deeply touched" and grateful to the crowds who showed their support at the Coronation.
Iconographer Aidan Hart designed the screen that shielded King Charles III during the Coronation.
Watch to see what's changed since 1953 and what's stayed the same.
BBC's Katie Razzall gives her cultural review of how the big day went down, in her view from the sofa.
The audience peaked at 20 million when the King was crowned in Westminster Abbey just after midday.
The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh taste a chicken pie at the Coronation Big Lunch in Cranleigh.
Here's how to follow the musical celebration at Windsor Castle
Anti-royal group Republic wants a "full inquiry" into the arrests on the morning of the Coronation.
The plan would see people able to access their records by smartphone without needing to call their GP.
The official photographs marking the King and Queen's Coronation were taken after the lavish ceremony.
In his only UK interview, the star talk books, Hollywood egos and who should be the next James Bond.
The ghostwriter of Prince Harry's memoir has written about his experience of finding himself in the spotlight.
Ralph Gonsalves says he would welcome an apology for injustices related to slavery.
Joanna Cherry wants The Stand to admit that it acted unlawfully, issue an apology and reinstate the event.
More details are emerging about the eight victims of Saturday's deadly shooting at a mall in Allen.
Writer E Jean Carroll is accusing Donald Trump of assaulting her in the mid-90s, which he denies.
Civilians are hurt in Kyiv, and one man dies in Odesa, where a Red Cross warehouse is hit, officials say.
The force says it happened after they received reports a woman was attacked by a dog in east London.
Organisers did not want “to offer a platform” to far-right minister Itamar Ben-Gvir.
A 48-year-old teetotal woman survived on wine and snacks after getting stranded in bushland.
The Canadian pop-punk rockers say the band has "brought us some of best moments of our lives".
Tuesday's front pages feature the Coronation heavily - but non-royal stories have made a return for some.
There are fears about cheating, but new advice says students should be taught how to use AI tools.
Aged 43, Melanie decided to book an escort and experience sex for the first time.
The footage went viral, often with no warnings. Experts say it's a disturbing failure by moderators.
More than 400 people have died following floods and landslides that hit two villages last week.
Campaigners say the Trump-era policy has caused irreparable harm for migrant families years later.
Some 40,000 people have fled fighting in Sudan to go to South Sudan, one of the world's poorest countries.
Courses are equivalent to three A-levels, and focus on practical rather than academic subjects.
As wind farms expand into new areas they will need to withstand extreme wind speeds.
A sign pointing drivers in mid Wales to a fictional airport is returning to the side of the A44.
Three huge games, 21 goals and chaos at every turn - how a "spellbinding" day at the bottom of the Premier League unfolded.
Nottingham Forest come out on top in a seven-goal thriller at the City Ground to climb out of the bottom three and leave Southampton on the brink of relegation.
Everton produce a superb display of counter-attacking to boost their Premier League survival hopes with a stunning victory to dent Brighton's European ambitions.
Leicester midfielder James Maddison says they are "just not quite right at the minute", after they drop into the Premier League's bottom three with a 5-3 defeat at Fulham.
Leicester forward James Maddison believes his side were "not hungry enough" in their Premier League loss at Fulham.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Britain's Ros Canter produces the biggest winning margin in elite eventing history to win the Badminton Horse Trials.
The Prince and Princess of Wales have been joining the Big Help Out with their three children.
The newly crowned monarchs make a surprise appearance with Katy Perry and Lionel Richie.
It is the first time Mr Trump has been found legally responsible for a sexual assault.
It was probably the most high-profile hack in social media history, hitting dozens of famous accounts.
More than half of people with diabetes missed out on vital checks last year, charity Diabetes UK says.
Most of the baby's DNA comes from their two parents, with a small percentage from a donor.
Ireland's Wild Youth and Latvia's Sudden Lights are among the acts going home after the first semi-final.
Hundreds of thousands are prescribed medication without enough scientific proof it helps, UK experts say.
New York Republican George Santos is facing multiple investigations related to a series of scandals.
Sir Mark Rowley said it was "unfortunate" those who were arrested were unable to protest, but he supported officers.
The bill, which has already been approved by MPs, aims to stop people crossing the Channel in small boats.
Kevin de Bruyne's screamer earns Manchester City a Champions League semi-final first-leg draw at Real Madrid to keep their dream of a Treble on track.
The defiant president praises his troops as Russia's military might is displayed in Moscow's Red Square.
Jaime Carsi, from Edinburgh, died after a suspected carbon monoxide leak at a holiday home in Spain.
Wednesday's paper front pages mainly focus on a damaging court finding against the former US President.
Ministers say they are committed to the legislation, which came into force days before the Coronation.
Australian journalist Cheng Lei's partner tells the BBC he hopes for an end to her "awful situation".
Suspicion and frustration flared into crowd unrest and, in the background, an iconic image of a historic rivalry was captured.
More women must join the workforce for India to reap its demographic potential - but it's not easy.
The BBC's Will Vernon in Moscow explains why recent events are casting a shadow on celebrations.
The BBC’s Analysis Editor examines the circumstances around the arrest of anti-monarchy protesters.
The Eurovision Song Contest final will be broadcast live from Liverpool on 13 May.
On the ruined streets, some blame the president while others tell the BBC the disaster was unavoidable.
Campaigners say a driver who left a cat to die in Edinburgh should have been legally bound to stop.
The team went in an open-top bus parade through the town to the Clarets' Turf Moor ground.
King Charles III visits the site where a £58m laboratory will be built to support net zero aviation
Schools need to improve education and parents to set boundaries, the children's commissioner says.
Users of Emerade pens, which treat anaphylaxis, are being warned to change to another brand.
The regulator said the channel did not do enough to protect viewers from potentially harmful content.
The newly crowned monarchs make a surprise appearance with Katy Perry and Lionel Richie.
Jessica Pegula criticises Madrid Open organisers after she and her fellow doubles finalists are not allowed to make speeches after the match.
The product requires a good credit history, but does not need the financial backing of family or friends.
It comes as a new survey suggests one in three managers have seen inappropriate behaviour at work events.
Supermarkets have been criticised for not passing on wholesale price falls quickly enough.
In his only UK interview, the star talks books, Hollywood egos and who should be the next James Bond.
Liam Smith's rematch with Chris Eubank Jr is pushed back to 1 July because of an injury to the Liverpudlian.
Watch as Cambodia's Bou Samnang digs deep to finish the women's 5,000m nearly six minutes after the winner in torrential rain at the Southeast Asian Games in Phnom Penh.
A washout in the opening one-day international between Ireland and Bangladesh sees South Africa pip Ireland to the final automatic World Cup spot.
Jack Grealish says Manchester City will feel "unstoppable" when they host Real Madrid in a finely balanced second leg of their Champions League semi-final.
AC Milan striker Olivier Giroud says he is "more motivated than ever" at the age of 36 as he attempts to win a second Champions League title.
Partick Thistle edge a seven-goal thriller in the first leg of their Scottish Premiership play-off quarter-final against Queen's Park thanks to Brian Graham's late strike.
Song contest fever sweeps this year's host city as fans from Europe and beyond join locals.
The 11:43 train from Euston to Liverpool became the Eurovision Express as fans travelled up for the contest.
Why some Ukrainians want to help the city hosting Eurovision on their country's behalf.
Jamie McLoughlin explores how the song contest has been a support to the community for decades.
The first semi-final is over in Liverpool - here's what you might have missed in 60 seconds.
Eurovision has been broadcasting live for decades - which has led to a number of slip-ups.
Anna Ekvist, 36, says people in the city have helped refugees feel "part of the Liverpool family".
The singer's unforgettable mash-up of industrial metal and hyperpop is among the bookie's favourites.
BBC News spoke to two students who say the cost-of-living crisis is taking its toll on their studies.
Adam Price quits after review found misogyny, harassment and bullying in his party.
US officials say disinformation spread by smugglers is fuelling a surge of migrants on the border.
A pre-dawn air strike kills a top Palestinian Islamic Jihad commander and one other person.
The former newspaper editor tells the BBC phone hacking is wrong and "shouldn't have been happening".
The end-of-year timetable had sparked concern that important legislation could fall away by accident.
Russia Editor Steve Rosenberg takes a brief break from the day job to indulge his musical passion.
Bank industry group UK Finance calls for tech firms to help reimburse fraud victims.
Major renewable energy projects being delayed by more than 10 years as grid reaches capacity.
The prince said Ms Davy decided "a royal life was not for her", as his High Court case against Mirror Group Newspapers begins.
The former prime minister's dramatic arrest has escalated political turmoil in crisis-hit Pakistan.
The BBC has found the Treasury did not sign off the decision to use taxpayer funds to foot the bill.
The firm is rolling out artificial intelligence to its core search engine, after Microsoft did similar with ChatGPT.
Researchers produce a new version of the human genome that could improve medical treatments.
The Archbishop of Canterbury's criticism of the government's migrant strategy leads many front pages.
The Bank of England is expected to raise the rate from 4.25% to 4.5%, pushing up mortgage costs.
Makers of sweets and chocolates are aiming to shield customers from their higher costs.
Experts say it was the wrong place for the 16-year-old, but she had nowhere else to go.
The bookmaker's favourite could be the first woman to win the Eurovision Song Contest twice.
The film has faced legal challenges and been banned by one state, but is performing well at the box office.
The Republican lawmaker from New York faces 13 charges including fraud and theft of public funds.
Nigeria's president says all Bronzes belong to the Oba of Benin throwing return deals into confusion.
US women voters told the BBC how they think the trial will affect Donald Trump's image and his 2024 run.
The Austrian duo are among this year's favourites, with a song about being possessed by a dead poet.
Turks are at a historic turning point, facing dramatically different visions of their country.
The arrests of six anti-monarchy protesters will be discussed by MPs at a committee next week.
England and Arsenal forward Beth Mead says she is "ahead of schedule" in the recovery from her anterior cruciate ligament injury but is unsure whether she will be fit for the World Cup.
One of England's most famous grounds would need a major upgrade if Luton Town are promoted.
The eastern city is a crumpled, skeletal wreck. But Ukraine knows losing it could be costly.
Detectives in three European countries want to identify victims whose names remain a mystery.
Authorities believe shamanic rituals played a role in the deaths of Natasha Lechner and Jarrad Antonovich.
The 86-year-old is able to climb stairs and do laps of the garden at an Edinburgh nursing home.
Other parts of England have also seen torrential rain, causing damage to homes and businesses.
The Met Police apologises for not disclosing documents it says were found in a cabinet at its HQ.
Lucy Edwards lost her vision 10 years ago and will describe iconic moments from the song contest.
Nante Niemi went missing for two days while camping in remote woodland in Michigan state.
The actress and comedian will reveal the UK jury's favourite acts during Saturday's grand final.
Video filmed by a person near the shop in Ginza shows the assailants smashing a display then fleeing.
A newsagent says heavy rain brought the worst flooding he has seen in 17 years.
The story of the iconic 1980s band behind Relax and Two Tribes is to be made into a film musical.
The collection belonged to Heidi Horten, whose German husband took over Jewish firms in the 1930s.
Party's ruling body to hold crunch talks amid claims Adam Price has agreed to quit as leader.
Defeat in the Champions League for AC Milan by their city rivals Inter was "worse than their wildest dreams" - but has the door been left open for the second leg?
Kaden Groves wins a chaotic raid-sodden stage five of the Giro d'Italia that featured numerous crashes, including one caused by a dog.
Pernille Harder scores twice as Chelsea thrash Leicester City to move a point behind Women's Super League leaders Manchester United with three games left to play.
Former world number one Andy Murray loses an eventful Italian Open first-round match against home favourite Fabio Fognini.
Former Las Vegas Raiders wide receiver Henry Ruggs III pleads guilty to killing a woman and her dog while drink-driving in 2021.
Watch highlights as Arsenal score four goals against Brighton to move into third place in the Women's Super League.
US sprint coach Rana Reider is given a one-year probation following an investigation into sexual misconduct complaints against him, his lawyer says.
With rents rising, more people are crunching the numbers to see if they can afford to buy.
The rate at which prices are rising has jumped again, driven by soaring food prices.
How Ukraine's 2016 Eurovision winner Jamala saved traditional Crimean folk songs from the war.
For the second time this week, viewers will pick 10 acts to make it through to Saturday's final.
US journalist Chloe Kim reacts to some of the song contest's most memorable performances.
Eurovision in Liverpool is already a jubilant celebration but the picture in Ukraine is worlds apart.
Fans give their views on this year's host city as they join locals for the 2023 song contest.
The Eurovision Song Contest final will be broadcast live from Liverpool on 13 May.
The first semi-final is over in Liverpool - here's what you might have missed in 60 seconds.
Ireland's Wild Youth and Latvia's Sudden Lights are among the acts going home after the first semi-final.
Wales punches above its weight with 14% of the UK's solo acts, despite making up 5% of the country's population.
Anna Ekvist, 36, says people in the city have helped refugees feel "part of the Liverpool family".
The singer's unforgettable mash-up of industrial metal and hyperpop is among the bookie's favourites.
Pro-Russian sources say Kyiv's forces have made advances on the front line in east Ukraine.
The Storm Shadow cruise missile will give Ukraine new capabilities in its conflict with Russia.
The five-piece band, whose singer is an immigration lawyer, are one of 10 acts going to the final.
The Countess of Chester trust chief executive also accuses the chairman of putting finance over safety.
Police said the "dangerous" Genesis Market had been dismantled, but it is still selling hacker products.
Alice Chambers was handcuffed on the Mall when police officers mistook her for a Just Stop Oil protester.
The train drivers' union leader insists Eurovision events in Liverpool were not targeted by strikes.
A head teachers' union says even staff struggled to understand parts of a Year 6 reading paper.
Interest rates rise to 4.5% - their highest level for almost 15 years in an attempt to slow soaring prices.
Daniel Penny, 24, will be arrested for Jordan Neely's manslaughter on Friday, the district attorney says.
A jury on Tuesday found Mr Trump liable for the sexual assault and defamation of writer E Jean Carroll
President Cyril Ramaphosa's office says it is disappointed by the claims and demands evidence.
America's largest city joins a movement to make size a protected trait on par with race and gender.
The concert by The View was halted after the lead singer apparently threw a punch at the bassist.
The Bank of England's decision to increase rates yet again dominates the front pages on Friday.
Are you tempted to bet on the outcome of a song contest? Here's how one man made a living out of it.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
British candidates are canvassing UK expats in Spain's first local polls since Brexit took effect.
The opposition Pheu Thai party looks set to win most seats after nearly a decade of military-backed rule.
The Green Party secured its first sole control of an English council with victory in Mid Suffolk.
The English actress, one of the song contest's co-hosts this year, is already a fan favourite.
The games giant releases the highly anticipated sequel to The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
A dramatic shift in US policy is just hours away, which could spark a surge of people to its border with Mexico.
Monique shares the highs and lows of travelling 16,000 kilometres across Canada on a tiny budget.
The bookmaker's favourite could be the first woman to win the Eurovision Song Contest twice.
Some physiques perform better in different climates - just like animals, a study of athletes suggests.
Five million first-time voters have never known their country without Recep Tayyip Erdogan in charge.
The sons of two anti-government figures are in jail because of their fathers' actions, the BBC hears.
The classic sitcom, which spanned hundreds of years of British history, was first broadcast in 1983.
Wind power overtakes gas for the first time in the UK during first three months of year.
A police motorcycle was escorting the Duchess of Edinburgh when the crash happened, police say.
The sportswear giant has about 1.2bn euros of Yeezy shoes sitting in storage.
The World Health Organization says future outbreaks remain possible, as it ends the highest level of alert.
Mr Gaines, known as Eddie, transported 35 tonnes of dynamite to Omaha beach in June 1944.
Michael Gove says the system is unfair but getting rid of it will take longer than he hoped.
Business and Trade Secretary Kemi Badenoch is told off by Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle over Telegraph leaks.
Judges order the immediate release of Pakistan's former PM, who has been charged with corruption.
Outgoing Prime Minister Sanna Marin says she is "still best friends" with her husband.
A suspect has been arrested after opening fire at the plant in south-western Germany.
Tougher penalties may be introduced for the street drug that has led to people jumping off buildings.
The government will now run the service after months of delays and cancellations.
DCI Banks star Stephen Tompkinson maintained he only pushed Karl Poole and that it was self-defence.
Richard Sharp resigned as BBC chairman last month, after failing to disclose dealings with Boris Johnson.
A campaign to stop the permanent closure of the O2 Academy Brixton after a fatal crush is launched.
The government's decision to drop deadline to scrap EU laws sparks a row in the Conservative Party.
The PM has U-turned on a government plan to get rid of thousands of EU laws by the end of the year.
After her celebrated sword carrying at the Coronation, Penny Mordaunt describes preparing for the role.
West Ham come from behind to secure a narrow Europa Conference League semi-final lead Dutch side AZ Alkmaar at London Stadium.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he "lost himself" for seven years to alcohol and drugs, and has come to learn that "happiness is an inside job".
Jose Mourinho's bid for back-to-back European titles with Roma continues but could he be set to join Paris St-Germain?
Celtic come from a goal down to beat Glasgow City 3-1 and move to within two points of the SWPL leaders.
Andy Murray argues with umpire Mohamed Lahyani during his loss against Fabio Fognini in the Italian Open after a close line call goes against him.
Wakefield's wretched start to the season continues as Hull FC consign them to a 12th successive defeat.
Gary Lineker planned on finishing his playing career with Tottenham. But then came an offer from leftfield and East Asia that changed everything.
Six piece girl band Vesna have already made the final, with a song that urges support for Ukraine.
Content for this year's song contest has been viewed 1.5 billion times on the social media platform.
Think you know Eurovision tunes? Fans in Liverpool try to sing along.
Make your Eurovision menu just as fun and full of flavour as the song contest itself.
As usual, the Eurovision song contest brings the most eclectic mix of performers.
The BBC got access to film the rehearsal of the Eurovision semi-final.
The Bank of England has raised the rate to 4.5% from 4.25%, pushing up mortgage costs.
With rents rising, more people are crunching the numbers to see if they can afford to buy.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
An English reading paper fuels debate about the purpose of the tests for Year 6 pupils in England.
NBCUniversal's former head of advertising is revealed as the new boss of the social network.
RMT union members from 14 rail companies will walk-out on Saturday in a row over pay.
Official photo shows the King with his elder son and grandson, who are next in line to the throne.
A police motorcycle was escorting the Duchess of Edinburgh when the crash happened, police say.
With trampolines, mystery guests and a "green cabbage worm", Eurovision promises a night of mayhem.
"Symbol of resilience" Loonkiito was killed after preying on livestock in a Kenyan village on Wednesday.
Alaweya Reshwan died alone at home in Khartoum, trapped by the fighting that is tearing Sudan apart.
North Wales Police says it has suspended an officer who was filmed seemingly punching a suspect.
Civil servants told the home secretary to halt plans to house asylum seekers at the Lincolnshire site.
Islamist militant Matthew King faces sentence for planning attacks on British soldiers and police.
Doctors can now help people suffering from incurable diseases or severe injuries to end their lives.
Former Labour MP Paul Clark represented Gillingham in Kent for 13 years.
Phillip Schofield's position at This Morning and a new Coronation picture lead Saturday's papers.
She wrote a song, now she's representing the UK at Eurovision. But how are Mae Muller's nerves?
Will Skipton Building Society's deposit-free deal help those hoping to buy in the lender's home town?
One woman decided to give her kidney straight after hearing an interview on the radio.
Police and crime commissioners may be on the way out, but they are not going without a fight.
Nikki Allan was lured to a brutal death in 1992, since that day her mother has searched for justice.
Tempted to bet on the outcome of a song contest? Here's how one man made a living out of it.
Fans who got to see the singer kick off her 43-date spectacular spill the beans on the "crazy" show.
More strikes have been announced by the RMT and Aslef unions.
Millions were plunged offline after Imran Khan's arrest but the blackout hasn't stopped protests.
Pakistan's former prime minister has faced months of legal troubles and attempts to arrest him.
Results are expected to drop closer to pre-pandemic levels than they have been for the past few years.
Video shows Daniel Penny with his arms around Jordan Neely's neck for about two minutes and 55 seconds.
Corinne Foxx says the Oscar-winning actor is recuperating and even recently played pickleball.
The presenter issues a statement following reports his relationship with Holly Willoughby has cooled.
Students fear Edinburgh's response to industrial action will mean months of work will go unread.
Pope Francis warns only the rich can afford to start a family, as Italy's birth rate hits new low.
They agree to allow safe passage for civilians and to protect relief workers but not to a ceasefire.
The train drivers' union leader insists Eurovision events in Liverpool were not targeted by strikes.
Peterborough United thrash Sheffield Wednesday 4-0 to take a commanding lead in their League One play-off semi-final.
West Ham captain Declan Rice may leave at the end of the season, manager David Moyes admits.
Partick Thistle will play Ayr United in the Scottish Premiership play-off semi-final after an 8-3 aggregate win over Queen's Park.
Washington Commanders co-owner Dan Snyder agrees to sell the NFL franchise to a group headed by Josh Harris in a record £4.8bn deal.
Fabian Edwards fights for the world title in Dublin on 23 September after beating Gegard Mousasi by unanimous decision at Bellator 296 in Paris.
Chelsea forward Sam Kerr reveals the secret superstitions which help her succeed on a matchday, including a strange-sounding pre-match meal.
Former Open champion Henrik Stenson resigns from the DP World Tour after it imposed further sanctions on players who competed without consent in LIV Golf events.
From Bucks Fizz to Sandie Shaw, what do Liverpool children think about previous champions?
The English actress, one of the song contest's co-hosts this year, is already a fan favourite.
Mae Muller, Victor Vernicos and Gustaph answer six Eurovision questions.
Think you know Eurovision tunes? Fans in Liverpool try to sing along and finish the lyrics.
Producers have aimed for a show running order with pace, power and pizzazz for Saturday night.
Before the ex-Beatle rang her, a choir burst into song with her Eurovision entry, I Wrote A Song.
With rents rising, more people are crunching the numbers to see if they can afford to buy.
Ternopil was hit by Russian missiles before Tvorchi took the stage in Liverpool, authorities say.
Loreen wins it for Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023.
Palestinian rocket attacks and Israeli air strikes continued for hours after the ceasefire began.
BAE Systems launched an inquiry into "intentional damage" of HMS Glasgow at its yard on the Clyde.
The PM is a lifelong fan of the club, but his support was not enough to inspire them to beat relegation.
AI boss on the future of artificial intelligence and what will happen if computers become more clever than humans.
The former home secretary blames "those in power" for Tory local election losses in a speech.
Shaden Gardood, 37, died one day after Sudan's warring parties signed a deal to protect civilians.
Half a million people are evacuated to safer areas in Bangladesh as the powerful storm nears.
Llyr Gruffydd says his party remains committed to agreement with Mark Drakeford's government.
Miyo Aoetsu invented Brioche Japonais, which is flavoured with matcha, white chocolate and fruit.
Notts County beat Chesterfield on penalties in the National League promotion final to secure their return to the English Football League.
Calls for double-digit pay rises by a nursing union and Kate's Eurovision appearance lead Sunday's papers.
The US is offering huge incentives to electric car firms, but the UK risks falling behind.
President Erdogan, who says he has kept Turkey standing tall, faces a united opposition in Sunday's vote.
Alaweya Reshwan died at home in Khartoum, trapped by the fighting that is tearing Sudan apart.
Will Skipton Building Society's deposit-free deal help those hoping to buy in the lender's home town?
One woman decided to give her kidney straight after hearing an interview on the radio.
The light show caused a bit of a stir on social media, with some thinking it was a Eurovision tribute.
Results are expected to drop closer to pre-pandemic levels than they have been for the past few years.
Official photo shows the King with his elder son and grandson, who are next in line to the throne.
Childhood friends Cathie and Tricia exchanged barely a cross word on their 9,942-mile adventure.
As they go toe-to-toe in the Women's Super League title race, Chelsea and Manchester United will also face off in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Sunday.
Southampton captain James Ward-Prowse says "slipping standards" at the club brought about Saints' relegation from the Premier League.
Saracens reach their 11th Premiership final with a five-try 38-15 play-off semi-final win over Northampton Saints.
Ireland's Ben Healy wins stage eight of the Giro d'Italia, the first grand tour stage win of his career.
Match of the Day pundit Shaun Wright-Phillips analyses how Nottingham Forest "pounced" on Chelsea's mistakes to earn an important 2-2 draw at Stamford Bridge.
Britain's Dan Evans loses his opening match at the Italian Open - losing to Roberto Carballes Baena in a match lasting nearly four hours - while Carlos Alcaraz secures the world number one spot.
Mauricio Pochettino agrees terms to become Chelsea manager, Liverpool are favourites to sign Alexis Mac Allister, Kyle Walker wants to stay at Manchester City, plus more.
Neon green bolero jackets, a piano fit for a princess and other highlights from Eurovision 2023 in Liverpool.
Electric performances have been firing up Eurovision fans in Liverpool for this year's final.
She played an instrumental piece pre-recorded in Windsor Castle's Crimson Drawing Room earlier this month.
She had something none of the other contestants did - experience of winning it before.
Not only were there eye-catching performances in Liverpool, the hosts made the most of the limelight too.
The English actress, one of the song contest's co-hosts this year, is already a fan favourite.
Loreen is the first woman to win twice, but Mae Muller fails to replicate Sam Ryder's success.
The countdown is on to the grand final of Eurovision in Liverpool and the city is buzzing.
Mae Muller, Victor Vernicos and Gustaph answer six Eurovision questions.
The most powerful cyclone to hit the Bay of Bengal in more than 10 years made landfall.
Ben Whishaw and Kate Winslet were among the acting winners at the Royal Festival Hall ceremony.
From actors lost for words to stage selfies, this year's TV awards had it all. Catch up now.
Initial results from vote counting show the Pheu Thai and Move Forward parties are set to win.
The Leeds event is named in honour of ex-rugby league player Burrow, who has motor neurone disease.
But the band members announce on Instagram that Hannah Spearritt will not be joining the anniversary tour.
Grant Shapps says the government is committed to them and people should wait to judge progress.
The party is working on proposals on voting rights but says no final decisions have been made.
Operations at Gatwick were suspended temporarily with 12 planes diverted but have since resumed.
Ukraine's president says in Germany that Kyiv is preparing to liberate its regions seized by Russia.
Arsenal's fading title hopes were dealt a devastating blow after losing to Brighton to leave leaders Manchester City one win from a fifth Premier League title in six seasons.
Speculation about Alexander Lukashenko's health has grown after he missed a key state celebration.
The home secretary's calls for reduced immigration and Rob Burrow's marathon finish make the front pages.
Billie Piper was among the stars pictured before the ceremony at London's Royal Festival Hall.
The singer scored a genuine hit with I Wrote A Song, so why did voters award her so few points?
Many Germany-based Russians are repeating Kremlin disinformation about the invasion of Ukraine.
The country's only Islamic centre for trans women is in jeopardy after the death of its leader.
A singing "Brussels sprout", Italy's soft play area and a man in a soap dish - catch up with all the night's highlights.
A new law will provide an allowance for children of mothers killed by their partners or ex-partners.
The drivers defy gravity to ride their bikes and cars inside a giant wooden barrel to entertain people.
Kareem thought he had found safety but his life was then engulfed in violence once more.
The Premier League title is not yet mathematically unobtainable but the reaction of Arsenal players and fans after the home loss to Brighton suggests they think it is.
Barcelona seal their first La Liga title since 2018-19 with four games to spare after a stylish win at the home of city rivals Espanyol.
Sam Kerr is match-winner yet again as Chelsea take a third successive Women's FA Cup title with win over Manchester United in front of a record crowd at Wembley.
Sam Kerr scores the only goal of the Women's FA Cup final for Chelsea against Manchester United at Wembley and celebrates with a backflip.
The Memphis Grizzlies suspend Ja Morant after he again appears to hold a gun in a video.
Race leader Remco Evenepoel is out of the Giro d'Italia after testing positive for Covid-19, with Geraint Thomas moving up to first.
Jason Day hits a sublime find round of 62 at Byron Nelson to end a five-year wait for another PGA Tour title.
Loreen is the first woman to win twice, but Mae Muller fails to replicate Sam Ryder's success.
Neon green bolero jackets, a piano fit for a princess and other highlights from Eurovision 2023 in Liverpool.
The host city's celebrations extended well beyond the televised ceremony, and well into the night.
Electric performances have been firing up Eurovision fans in Liverpool for this year's final.
She played an instrumental piece pre-recorded in Windsor Castle's Crimson Drawing Room earlier this month.
Javad Marandi's foreign firms were at the centre of an global investigation, BBC News can finally reveal.
An undercover probe finds agents brokering deals between migrant women and men with UK passports.
The UK agrees to provide extra missiles and military drones as Rishi Sunak meets the Ukrainian leader.
In a wide-ranging speech, the home secretary argues it is "not racist" to want to control borders.
The competition watchdog will look at whether a failure in competition means customers are overpaying.
The report looks at how the FBI investigated alleged ties between Russia and the 2016 Trump campaign.
Royal journalist claims the ex-Daily Mirror editor was briefed about source of Kylie Minogue story.
Curtis Jones scores twice as Liverpool brush aside Leicester to maintain their winning streak and push the Foxes closer to relegation.
Wellington fire commander Nick Pyatt says the blaze is the city's "worst nightmare".
A review is being held into what the BBC knew about former DJ Tim Westwood's alleged conduct.
The private equity owner of the resort firm wants to sell the business for up to £5bn.
Menopausing is Book of the Year and Salman Rushdie gets a special accolade at British Book Awards
Ukraine and the UK have been discussing weapons supplies ahead of an expected Ukrainian counter-offensive
Private concerns about the direction of the Tory Party under Rishi Sunak this week became more public.
Atiq Ahmed was an MP but also had around 100 criminal cases against him.
With photo manipulation technology now extending to videos some want authorities to intervene.
Pioneering scientific analysis found a child murderer and inspired new BBC drama Steeltown Murders.
Criminals are extorting money from men after entrapping them online and then filming them.
The home secretary's calls for reduced immigration and Rob Burrow's marathon finish make the front pages.
The BBC Radio 2 presenter reacts to criticism that the BBC are replacing older DJs.
President Erdogan is favourite to stay in power, with a lead of almost 5% over his main rival.
Japanese talent agency Johnny and Associates apologises over sex abuse claims against its late founder Johnny Kitagawa.
The postal service faces another fine by the industry watchdog for falling short on first class mail.
Extinction Rebellion protesters interrupt speeches by leading Tory MPs at right wing conference.
Florida teacher Jenna Barbee says she played pupils Strange World, which has a character who is gay.
Staff and passengers were "upset" by the incident, for which two people have been charged.
Fabio Vincenti is now considering alternative names for his pig-based treat.
A Merino ram from Australia was used to create a new "multi-purpose" breed on two Gwynedd farms.
An expert says the discovery of the striking sea creature in a rock pool is amazing.
She is accused of failing to investigate Wayne Couzens properly over two instances of flashing.
Stagecoach's fleet of autonomous buses will run every half hour between Fife and Edinburgh.
Leicester's heavy defeat by Liverpool could be "the end of them" as a Premier League club as relegation looms ever nearer.
No website, no rules, no official route, no spectators. The Speed Project, a 350-mile race between Los Angeles and Las Vegas, has become the hottest event in ultra-running.
Brighton goalkeeper Jason Steele says he reached a point where he "hated" football before rejuvenating his career on the south coast.
Gary Lineker bends the Match of the Day Top 10 rules as he allows Ian Wright to be included as an additional 11th name in this week's episode on the game's 'dark arts'.
France pulls out of hosting the 2025 Rugby League World Cup with organisers citing financial reasons for the decision.
Releasing in-game VAR audio of decision-making is a "small step forward" and something the PGMOL will look to do more next season, says referees' chief Howard Webb.
England all-rounder Nat Sciver-Brunt speaks about her mental health, having recently taken a short break from the sport, and the upcoming Ashes series.
The government is introducing a new law designed to overhaul the rental sector in England.
Only two are finished and open, with 33 planned for England yet to have any building work done, the BBC has found.
Vauxhall-maker Stellantis is calling on the government to renegotiate some Brexit rules or risk losing UK operations.
The decision is the second time the government has extended the cap for bus operators in England.
Passports belonging to vulnerable people were doctored and sold to the UK's most wanted criminals.
Detectives are following potential leads after launching a campaign to identify 22 victims in Europe.
Sam Altman says government regulation is "critical" to control the risks of artificial intelligence.
The cases in England were found during screening and there is no sign of human-to-human transmission.
Retail investment in cryptocurrency is too risky to be regulated as a financial service, a committee says.
The UK's financial regulator says 10.9 million adults are struggling to pay debts and bills.
The 28-year-old rapper from Northampton is expected to appear before Oxford Crown Court next month.
Eight in 10 students have issues with literacy, the lowest performance in a study of 57 countries.
House Speaker Kevin McCarthy says the two sides are far apart but an agreement is possible this week.
Edmond Réveil, 98, said he wanted them to be remembered and their families to know where they are.
Luton Town football club is literally on its neighbours' doorsteps - is it ready for the big time?
Films from Harrison Ford, Johnny Depp and Leonardo DiCaprio will premiere at the festival this week.
In the world's largest refugee camp, with no access to education, Rohingya children face a bleak future.
Ros Atkins looks at the challenges facing Russia’s military as Ukraine prepares its counter-offensive.
Seven times British women's champion Lucy Campbell is calling for more environmentally friendly surfboards and wetsuits.
Elena Gordon's son Vladimir Kara-Murza was convicted of treason for criticising Putin's war in Ukraine.
A young woman with a rare disease says she is not being supported to have any quality of life.
Many parents are frustrated with games that encourage children to spend money to advance.
A young, progressive party won more seats than any other. Will the senate and courts let them govern?
Huw Pill says he regrets saying people should get used to being poorer or risk high inflation.
Asante King met with the British Museum's director on a recent visit to London.
Angler Scott Haraguchi filmed the dramatic moment and was not hurt during the encounter in Hawaii.
Some countries were not included in the main rankings table after delaying testing due to the Covid pandemic.
The Princess of Wales is meeting students in Bath supported by the Dame Kelly Holmes Trust.
The system is back in question after party donor Javad Marandi loses his fight to stay anonymous.
The bakery has been fighting for permission to open its Leicester Square store around the clock.
It is the latest UK institution to cut ties to the family over their links to the US opioid crisis.
Eight people are arrested over the attack which came after a TV interview by President Macron on Monday.
Duke of Sussex is among high-profile figures accusing Mirror Group Newspapers of unlawful practices.
"Intimidating" Jacob Allerson is banned from making sexual comments in public to any woman in England.
The event has raised more than £825,000 for Leeds Hospitals Charity.
A man is arrested after Katie Higton, 27, and Steven Harnett, 25, were killed in Huddersfield.
The Forrest Gump star says technology could be used to recreate his image in movies after his death.
Mental health issues and back and neck pain have contributed to the rise in long-term sickness.
Union boss says issues over safe staffing is part of the ongoing debate with government, as well as fair pay.
The businesswoman says she wants to inspire other women, adding: "This is kind of historic."
National Union of Journalists members will stage a 48-hour strike after rejecting revised plans.
A platypus has been re-introduced into an Australian national park, a 50-year first for the area.
Subscribers must be at least 18 years old and submit a government ID and a selfie video to qualify.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies warns a freeze on income tax thresholds will hit middle earners.
Inter Milan reach the Champions League final as Lautaro Martinez's goal seals a 3-0 aggregate victory over derby rivals AC Milan.
Zak Crawley says he "doesn't care" about online criticism over his selection in England's Test team to face Ireland.
Luton Town are one win away from a return to the top flight of English football after overturning a first-leg deficit to beat Sunderland 3-2 on aggregate.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic reaches his 17th Italian Open quarter-final with a tense victory over British number one Cameron Norrie.
Manchester City defender Kyle Walker shares the reason behind his hug with Vinicius Jr after their 1-1 draw with Real Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final.
Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani makes an improved offer to buy Manchester United.
World number one Iga Swiatek earns her 14th successive win at the Italian Open by beating Croatia's Donna Vekic to reach the quarter-finals.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
Thousands of foreign firms, some linked to Russian oligarchs, are breaking a new UK transparency law.
Police confirm an incident took place on Tuesday night, but say there were no arrests or injuries.
Det Ch Insp Caldwell has given investigators his account of the shooting in Omagh in February.
Mariupol's former Azovstal workers yearn for their old lives in the now Russian-held city.
Rishi Sunak says the government is in control of legal migration but doesn't commit to specific figures.
He says songwriters face "a battle" to defend work against the growing use of artificial intelligence.
Home Secretary Suella Braverman says she recognises the concern around the testing on animals.
Brentford striker Ivan Toney is banned from football for eight months after he accepted breaking Football Association betting rules.
The results could open up new ways to spot, treat and prevent some diseases, including cancer, experts say.
The advert for an Italian restaurant showed Michelangelo's naked statue of David eating pizza.
The world is likely to hit 1.5C of warming within the next five years because of rising carbon emissions.
An invitation to Kathleen Stock is not behind a split with the debating society, Oxford SU says.
About 10,000 people flee their homes in Emilia-Romagna, with nine confirmed deaths across the region.
New figures from the Met Office show how little sunshine there's been so far this spring compared to recent years.
Back-to-back attacks prompt a gun amnesty and fears among some that the country is becoming more like the US.
Matt says the impact on loved ones is a "forgotten piece of the puzzle" when it comes to addiction.
Naz Bajeh, who has two young children, was kicked out of her rented property in Southend in March.
Global temperatures and rain patterns are affected by climate phenomena known as El Niño/La Niña.
After old crisp packets wash up on a beach, the BBC asks what is being done to improve packaging?
The government is trying to work out its position, ahead of "challenging" migration stats next week.
Samantha Lee is accused of not properly investigating Couzens after he publicly exposed himself.
Tears of the Kingdom becomes the fastest-selling game in the Legend of Zelda franchise.
The Met has been criticised for arresting six members of Republic and three women's safety volunteers.
Manchester City will face Inter Milan in the final of the Champions League after thrashing Real Madrid at Etihad Stadium.
Prince Harry is among the high-profile figures accusing Mirror Group Newspapers of unlawful practices.
The online estate agent agrees a deal to sell its business and assets to rival Strike for the token sum of £1.
Ansreen Bukhari says there was no talk of "ramming" a car off the A46, in which her lover died.
Northumbria Police apologises to Nikki Allan's family and a man wrongly accused of her 1992 murder.
Jeremy Hunt says while home working has benefits, he worries about a "loss of creativity" for firms.
Police Scotland said the black Honda Civic had been stolen from a property in Annan.
Rishi Sunak had promised to close 30 Chinese state-sponsored Confucius Institutes in the UK.
The UK rapper, who denies the charges, had been due to perform at Glastonbury, Reading and Leeds.
Any doubts about Manchester City's greatness should be erased after their win over Real Madrid, says Phil McNulty.
Jack Grealish describes Manchester City as 'unstoppable' after they emphatically beat Real Madrid to reach the Champions League final.
Coventry reach the Championship play-off final as a moment of Gustavo Hamer magic sees them past Middlesbrough.
Chelsea return to the top of the Women's Super League table with victory at West Ham, putting them in pole position to defend their title with two games remaining.
The second men's major of the season gets under way on Thursday with the US PGA Championship being held at the iconic Oak Hill Country Club in New York.
Jonny Bairstow says he has "huge sympathy" for Ben Foakes after the wicketkeeper is dropped from the England Test squad.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says his the pent up "pain" of last season's semi-final defeat by Real Madrid drove them on to their 4-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium.
With one in five people now renting in the UK, it's important to understand your rights as a tenant.
New sanctions announced by UK as Rishi Sunak arrives for G7 summit in Hiroshima.
More bodies are found after almost every river flooded between the coast and Bologna.
Voters went to the polls to decide who would represent them on Northern Ireland's 11 councils.
West Ham players confront AZ Alkmaar fans who attacked an area in which friends and family are watching the match.
Five years on from a government pledge, schools grapple with a subject as divisive as it is sensitive.
Backgrid says the couple demanded photos taken of them during a paparazzi pursuit through New York.
The mother of Khayri Mclean, 15, pleads for an end to violence as his killers are sentenced.
Members of the RMT union will strike on Friday 2 June in a national dispute with 14 train companies.
The decision comes as a legal battle between the company and Florida Governor Ron DeSantis escalates.
The pair have fronted the ITV show since 2002 and will hit the pause button after the 2024 series.
Nationalists also chanted racist slogans at the event marking Israel's capture of East Jerusalem.
Jurors hear police interviews with a woman accused of killing her newborn baby at her parent's home in 2019.
Footage on social media appears to show the wicker wonder blow off a high-rise block.
Now the controversial Year 6 Sats test has been published, does it look fair or impossibly difficult?
"Going forward" tops the list of words and phrases people want "banished" from the dictionary.
Why it's almost impossible to imagine the French Open without Rafael Nadal and what his absence means for the tournament and his rivals.
A mother-of-five tells the BBC how she escaped a Kenyan doomsday cult where at least 200 people died.
Mariupol's former Azovstal workers yearn for their old lives in the now Russian-held city.
The couple's spokesperson says paparazzi pursued them for two hours - although conflicting accounts have emerged.
Children could face more disruption as teachers in England consider whether to go on strike again.
Lebanese authorities are stepping up a campaign to deport Syrians who they say are there illegally.
Every seat in all of Northern Ireland's 11 councils is up for grabs on 18 May.
Water companies apologise for sewage spills in England, but critics say customers should not foot the bill.
The priority was that events up to and including the funeral ran "smoothly", the Treasury said.
The British pop star challenged record labels to pay songwriters a living wage as she picked up a prize.
All missiles over the capital were shot down, but falling debris caused some damage, Ukraine says.
Lucy Letby accuses a "gang of four" of "apportioning blame" on to her "to cover up" hospital failings.
Samantha Lee investigated a complaint made about Wayne Couzens just before he went on to kill.
Barcelona police trawl the city's port after witnesses suggest the rugby player "fell into the sea".
The supermarket chain says it is consulting on whether higher pay for some employees "makes sense".
The controversial US actor says he will not let his legal battles with ex-wife Amber Heard define him.
A total of 807 candidates are competing for 462 seats in council chambers across Northern Ireland.
West Ham reach their first European final since 1976 as they overcome AZ Alkmaar in their Europa Conference League semi-final.
Newcastle move one win away from Champions League qualification with a deserved Premier League victory against fellow European hopefuls Brighton.
Sheffield Wednesday pull off the greatest EFL play-off comeback in history to beat Peterborough on penalties on an unforgettable night.
The RFU withdraws its offer of a place in the Championship for 2023-24 for fallen Premiership side Wasps.
Jose Mourinho's Roma reach the Europa League final by beating Bayern Leverkusen 1-0 on aggregate in the semi-finals.
Bryson DeChambeau takes the lead at the US PGA Championship at Oak Hill, where Jon Rahm endures a nightmare start.
Consumer Affairs Correspondent Colletta Smith has picked out some of the best ways to cut costs in your home.
Find out whether you are eligible for a social tariff and how to pay less each month.
We report this percentage every month but here are three things you may not know.
President Biden backs a plan to provide advanced fighter jets to Ukraine and train Ukrainian pilots.
Council data gives an initial snapshot into the impact of the new rule on England's local elections.
A campaign will urge homeowners to consider simple measures to save costs and heartache from flooding.
Syrian's President Bashar al-Assad is coming out of diplomatic isolation - to the terror of refugees.
Criticism of the PM has become increasingly personal, with Labour accusing him of being out of touch.
Ahead of Sunday's election, Greece's worst rail crash is held up as proof of a broken government.
Armed officers were brought in to control the dog which seriously injured Jonathan Hogg, aged 37.
Both current and retired staff face "a severe and drastic impact" from the delays, say solicitors.
The website enabled criminals to appear as if they were calling from banks in order to trick victims.
A total of 1,305,553 people were eligible to vote, according to the Electoral Office for NI.
Players confronted AZ Alkmaar fans in chaotic scenes after the friends and family area was attacked.
The former PM and his wife, who married in May 2021, already have two children aged three and two.
A warning from the chancellor about talking the economy down and an expected decline in household energy bills leads the front pages.
Rituals, blasphemy, and English breakfast tea: Step inside The Satanic Temple's annual convention.
For every 13 people working one person is long-term sick - and economists say it is harming growth.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
CMAT tells Newsbeat about a surprising injury from her last tour.
The UK prime minister's wife joins Rishi Sunak in Japan for the G7 summit in her latest appearance at his side.
Western nations have imposed severe measures against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.
Jono's parents 'abandoned' him because of his face - now he's sharing his story to inspire others.
Katie Taylor's incident-packed weigh-in before adoring Irish fans features kilts, violinists and a multitude of flags.
G7 leaders appear a little awkward during a group photo in Hiroshima.
Two-time Grand Slam champion Simona Halep is charged with a second breach of anti-doping rules, over "irregularities in her athlete biological passport".
Joe Cattini was just 21 years old when he drove a truck loaded with ammunition at Normandy.
The musicians all have wealth of more than £150m, according to the latest Sunday Times Rich List.
The newly released video from a hair-raising 2021 car chase features a hero police officer.
Justin Rose sets the clubhouse target in round two of the US PGA Championship at Oak Hill with the top three in the world among the later starters.
Erik ten Hag thinks Manchester United and Marcus Rashford "will find each other" and agree a new contract for the forward.
Toulon overpower meek Glasgow Warriors to claim the European Challenge Cup and give the retiring Sergio Parisse the perfect send off.
World record cap holder Alun Wyn Jones and flanker Justin Tipuric quit international rugby with immediate effect, just four months before the World Cup.
The record-breaking running back became a Hollywood action hero and civil rights activist.
Pep Guardiola compares Manchester City attempting to secure the Premier League title this weekend to serving for a Wimbledon championship.
The influential author of Money and London Fields was one of the most celebrated writers of his generation.
The home secretary tried to arrange a private speed awareness course while she was attorney general.
Michelle O'Neill says her party's gains in council elections represent historic change.
The Oscar-winning actress speaks to the BBC ahead of the premiere of her documentary on Afghanistan's women.
Manchester City are crowned Premier League champions for a third successive season after title rivals Arsenal lose to Nottingham Forest.
How one US school found a clever solution when they had to quickly find a new home.
The actor and ex-governor tells Laura Kuenssberg politicians must move faster to preserve the planet.
Russia placed ICC boss Karim Khan on a wanted list, after he issued an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin.
Among the 351 objects being repatriated is a 2nd-Century statue of Alexander the Great.
Police spent much of Saturday trying to get the man down from a scaffold outside Broadcasting House.
The presenter says he has agreed to step down "with immediate effect” after more than 20 years.
England's Chantelle Cameron inflicts the first professional defeat on Katie Taylor to defend her light-welterweight world titles.
Phillip Schofield's resignation from ITV's popular daytime show and the home secretary's speeding leads the front pages.
Has the rise in hyper-local summer music festivals got anything to do with cost of living?
As interest rates rise, some lenders are offering no-deposit mortgages and removing the "stress test".
'Enhanced rock weathering' uses tiny volcanic rocks to capture the greenhouse gas carbon from the atmosphere.
Frasers CEO Michael Murray says his father-in-law can't understand why people spend so much on luxury fashion.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
A viral ad has sparked conversations about how transgender people are treated in India.
Phillip Schofield's departure from This Morning gives ITV an opportunity to "think about the programme".
Wagner mercenaries claim the city has fallen, but Ukraine denies it saying the situation is "critical".
It follows the death of a 37-year-old man who was attacked by a dog in Greater Manchester.
Ofgem is poised to announce a cut in its price cap next week, according to an energy consultancy firm.
He will succeed former presenter Ryan Tubridy who has hosted the show for 14 years.
For every 13 people working one person is long-term sick - and economists say it is harming growth.
Two men attempt to hide their phones from West Yorkshire Police on the roof of a cannabis farm.
Justin Rose and Rory McIlroy are among a stellar group of contenders who will challenge leader Brooks Koepka in Sunday's final round at the US PGA Championship.
Watch as Manchester City's players react to winning their third successive Premier League title upon seeing Arsenal lose 1-0 to Nottingham Forest.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta says his side have "transformed" the club, but now "must heal" after falling away in the Premier League title race.
Roberto Firmino departs as a Liverpool great but his exit means the club will now have to rebuild as they look like missing out on Champions League football.
Pep Guardiola's Manchester City are on the verge of writing their name into footballing history as they hunt the Treble, says Alan Shearer.
La Rochelle retain the Champions Cup title after breaking Leinster's hearts for the second year running in a pulsating final in Dublin.
Match of the Day pundits Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Jermaine Jenas discuss Pep Guardiola's influence on the Premier League after Manchester City win their third successive title.
The home secretary tried to arrange a private speed awareness course while she was attorney general.
Russia's Wagner group claims to have taken full control of the city after a bloody months-long battle.
Centre-right Kyriakos Mitsotakis falls just short of outright victory and plans for a second round.
Thousands of people find themselves stranded in South Sudan after fleeing the conflict to the north.
A number of other people were treated at the scene of the smash in Glasgow's south side.
Oscar-winning actress tells BBC about working with documentary maker Sahra Mani on Bread and Roses.
Susan Hart, 74, was on holiday on the island of Telendos when she disappeared three weeks ago.
Real Madrid's Vinicius Junior said "La Liga belongs to racists" and "Spain is known as a country of racists" after facing abusive chants at Valencia.
Shadow health secretary says regional waiting lists could help people get hospital treatment quicker.
Climate change protesters Last Generation pour "vegetable charcoal" into the Rome landmark.
Julian Alvarez's goal helps Manchester City celebrate a third successive Premier League title triumph with victory over Chelsea.
The presenter left ITV's This Morning after reports of a strained relationship with Holly Willoughby.
BBC News CEO Deborah Turness introduces Verify, where BBC journalists share their evidence gathering.
Artie Moore's homemade station picked up the ship's distress signals - but nobody believed him.
Members of the British Press Photographers' Association show off their best shots.
The PM wrapped up an intense few days of diplomacy at the G7 with questions about Suella Braverman looming.
Worried of being held hostage economically by China, the G7 spells out its plan to escape.
Has the rise in hyper-local summer music festivals got anything to do with cost of living?
How one US school found a clever solution when they had to quickly find a new home.
Michael Murray says his father-in-law can't understand why people spend so much on luxury fashion.
The black Stratocaster destroyed by Nirvana's frontman is signed by all three band members.
Former boss Dame Carolyn Fairbairn claims she took action following poor behaviour at the event.
Britain's Andy Murray withdraws from the French Open and will prioritise the grass-court season instead.
The price cap on gas and electricity is set to fall, but at about £2,000 remains historically high.
Violence broke out in Hiroshima as riot police clashed with far-left anti-G7 protesters.
An allegation of sexual assault has been made against ex-North Lanarkshire council leader Jordan Linden.
The killings near a nightclub come amid a spike in drug violence in France's second-largest city.
Leeds United's Premier League fate is hanging by a thread as West Ham come from behind to secure victory at London Stadium.
Pep Guardiola is described as "the difference maker" after leading Manchester City to a third successive Premier League title - but is this his best team yet?
A resurgent Brooks Koepka holds off Scottie Scheffler and Viktor Hovland to claim his third US PGA Championship title at Oak Hill.
Leeds manager Sam Allardyce accepts it will be a "big ask" to secure Premier League survival following Sunday's loss 3-1 loss at West Ham.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Ben Mee, Jermaine Jenas and Micah Richards discuss Erling Haaland's "outstanding" impact on Manchester City's Premier League title win.
Marc Skinner says he would have "bitten your hands off" to still be in with a chance of winning the Women's Super League title on the last day.
Glasgow City secure their 16th Scottish title after beating reigning champions Rangers at Ibrox thanks to Lauren Davidson's stoppage-time winner.
Winger Adam Swift scores three of the six tries as Hull FC win at Castleford to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
Prices in the shops remain much higher than a year ago, despite falls in energy and food costs.
They will walk out between 07:00 on Wednesday 14 June and 07:00 on Saturday 17 June.
Police will start combing the area, which is 50km from where the toddler went missing in 2007.
His decision comes a month after he resigned in the wake of a bullying inquiry.
Ukraine denies involvement and says Russian paramilitary groups are responsible for the incursion.
Exhuming Prince Alemayehu's body would disrupt the remains of others, Buckingham Palace says.
The 23-year-old was given 12 months to live five years ago and went on to complete a list of ambitions.
The home secretary refuses to confirm if she asked civil servants to arrange a one-to-one speeding awareness course.
Newcastle secure a top-four Premier League finish with a goalless draw against relegation-threated Leicester, whose fate is now out of their hands.
Police ask people to stay away from the scene, with some breaking up slabs to throw at officers.
A nerve agent specialist says he was cut from a conference because of his political opinions on other issues.
Mike Carey hosted a programme called Memorable Melodies on Radio Derby for almost 20 years.
The actor from Northern Ireland was reportedly taken to hospital while filming on Italian island Ischia.
Bear disappeared in an Aberdeen park on Thursday and only emerged on Sunday.
Better early warning systems and disaster management mean fewer lives lost to extreme weather.
Attractions in London, Glasgow, Belfast and Orkney are in the running to win UK Museum of the Year.
Exhibitors are making last-minute adjustments to their displays before the gates open on Tuesday.
Thousands of people find themselves stranded in South Sudan after fleeing the conflict to the north.
Artie Moore's homemade station picked up the ship's distress signals - but nobody believed him.
Reviews of Disney's latest live-action remake praise its star Halle Bailey, but are otherwise mixed.
The late Queen Elizabeth II visited the world famous Chelsea Flower Show more than 50 times.
The presenter shares her diagnosis of debilitating womb disorder adenomyosis with BBC Radio 5 Live listeners.
The home secretary said she had been 'moved' by personal testimonies from victims of abuse.
The new Scottish government pay offer comes after BMA Scotland members voted for strike action.
The entertainer was well known in the 1970s and 1980s as one half of the comedy and musical act.
The British-Malaysian comedian made a joke about the authoritarian government in Beijing.
Tesco Bank initially refused to refund the mum but changed its mind after a BBC show got involved.
A massive blaze tore through Manila’s historic Central Post Office late Sunday.
This evidence was not shown to juries where bankers were jailed for smaller-scale interest rate 'rigging'.
Residents in north-east Australia caught a glimpse of what scientists believe to be a meteor on Saturday night.
It is China's first major move against a US chip maker, as tensions increase between Beijing and Washington.
Some young Manchester Arena attack survivors have not received professional support, research finds.
A top-four finish was not on the agenda for Champions League-bound Newcastle at the start of the season, says boss Eddie Howe.
Micah Richards says La Liga president Javier Tebas' response to the racist abuse suffered by Real Madrid forward Vinicius Jr "makes my blood boil".
Competitive, determined, a belief in their own ability to win; the qualities that make elite sportspeople can lead to an addiction that breaks them.
Monday's goalless draw allows Newcastle to secure a top-four finish but leaves Leicester's Premier League future hanging by a thread.
Mark Cavendish, one of Britain's most successful cyclists and winner of a joint-record 34 stages of the Tour de France, announces his retirement.
Watch the best goals from this weekend's Women's Super League fixtures including a "brilliant" finish from Chelsea's Guro Reiten and Manchester United's Hayley Ladd scores from long range.
Helen Holland, 81, was hit by a police motorbike in Earl's Court, west London, on 10 May.
The Cabinet Office made the referral after reviewing documents for the Covid inquiry.
Documents which led to Finley Boden being returned to his parents, who then murdered him, obtained by BBC.
Long waits for NHS treatment appear to be forcing people to pay out thousands of pounds for care.
The senior doctor is recorded questioning why changes to the controversial Tavistock clinic are required.
Valencia are sanctioned with a partial stadium closure for five matches and fined following the racist abuse of Real Madrid forward Vinicius Jr.
Washington says it does not encourage strikes in Russia, after a border attack.
Numbers on the register reach a record high but the regulator is worried about the amount leaving the profession.
Two people died in the crash involving an electric bike, sparking a riot on Monday evening.
Officers search an area in Portugal about 30 miles from where the toddler went missing 16 years ago.
The disgraced former TV entertainer, who was jailed for indecent assaults on girls, dies aged 93.
The 44-year-old Florida governor is set to sit down for a live discussion on Elon Musk's platform.
The Ramirez's life changed forever a year ago when a gunman shot and killed their daughter alongside 20 others.
Tate Britain unveils a complete rehang of the world's greatest collection of British art.
Ron DeSantis may have spotted an opportunity to bypass traditional campaign launches with Twitter.
Police are searching an area in the south of Portugal about 30 miles from where Madeleine McCann vanished.
Mona survived the agonising journey, but others facing the same stark choice in Yemen have not.
Some of the most memorable snaps of the Star Wars, Thor and Rome actor - who has died aged 58.
Rishi Sunak's effort to curb legal migration may not be enough for restless Tory MPs, writes Iain Watson.
In Estonia, pilots respond to Russian jets acting suspiciously at the alliance's northeast border.
Reviews of Disney's latest live-action remake praise its star Halle Bailey, but are otherwise mixed.
The Home Office says wealthy individuals should not be able to "buy" security from the police.
Samantha Lee investigated a complaint made about Wayne Couzens shortly before he went on to kill.
The announcement comes days before official statistics are expected to show record migration levels.
All domestic air routes are stopped where the same journey could be made by train in under 2.5 hours.
Ex-No 10 spin doctor Alastair Campbell tells a court his mortgage details were unlawfully accessed.
The streaming giant will charge users for sharing passwords in countries including the UK and the US.
State police were forced to seek out a cattleman's help to catch the bovine, which is now safe and has not been charged.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he wants the 115 Premier League financial charges levelled against the club to be dealt with "as soon as possible".
Britain's Geraint Thomas reclaims the overall lead at the Giro d'Italia as Portugal's Joao Almeida wins a mountainous stage 16.
Watch Phil Neville's heated exchange with a reporter after his side's 3-1 home loss to Orlando City on Sunday.
Steve Hansen praises the Rugby Football Union's decision to raise the Pride flag above Twickenham on Sunday.
Julen Lopetegui's future as Wolves boss "is in doubt" because of the club's financial situation, says Spanish football journalist Guillem Balague.
The French Open night sessions will be under scrutiny but organisers cannot promise they will feature an equal number of men's and women's matches.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti says football is "not a war, it is a sport", referring to the racist abuse aimed at winger Vinicius Jr.
Her unmistakable voice on hits like The Best and What's Love Got to Do With It made her a superstar.
A look back at some of the singer's hits after her death at the age of 83.
Harvey Evans and Kyrees Sullivan died in an electric bike crash, which sparked a riot in Cardiff.
The BBC's Dan Johnson maps out the timeline of the moments before the crash in Cardiff on Monday.
Insiders say the move, revealed exclusively by the BBC, is the most significant investment in the sector since Nissan came to Britain in the 1980s.
Moscow says it repelled the raid and vowed a harsh response to further infiltration of its border.
A paralysed man has been able to walk simply by thinking about it, thanks to electronic brain implants
A new display of crowns and royal regalia opens - but visitors want to know about the Coronation sword.
The government is threatened with legal action if it does not hand over the former PM's unredacted messages.
Barclays warns mortgage holders and renters will spend up to 30% of their income on higher costs.
Steve Rodhouse, who investigated false high profile paedophilia claims, faces a gross misconduct hearing.
The death of Tina Turner and reactions to data showing persistent UK inflation lead the papers.
Tina Turner was a legendary singer who survived her first husband's horrific abuse and became a global star.
From her unhappy partnership with husband Ike to her 1980s comeback with a British synth pop group.
A row erupts between the Covid inquiry and the government over how much material should be disclosed
How corruption backed by a criminal network have led to South Africa's worst-ever power cuts.
One charity says children and young people need something to look forward to after school.
It can get you off tobacco - but what do you do when you want to say bye to your e-cig?
The singer talks about how she incorporates her dyslexia and ADHD into her creative process.
The disgraced entertainer's attempts to varnish his reputation ended in failure, writes Callum May.
The former PM continues to loom large over the Tory brand despite Rishi Sunak's efforts to move on.
Bacari-Bronze O'Garro, 18, also known as Mizzy, admitted breaching a community protection order.
Eddo Aziz and Kelsey Harrison are jailed over the death of their daughter, Elaina, in November 2020.
Wes Anderson's film Asteroid City, starring Scarlett Johansson and Tom Hanks, premieres in Cannes.
Det Ch Insp John Caldwell has met King Charles during a royal event at Hillsborough Castle.
There have been warnings in the US about its flesh-eating properties and role in 7% of fatal overdoses.
Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves declares "globalisation as we know it is dead", in a speech in Washington DC.
The dancer from Caerphilly says she was diagnosed last week with grade three breast cancer.
TikToker Orla Melissa Sloan bombarded Mason Mount and Billy Gilmour with messages.
It follows fierce debate about whether such groups can legally be defined as criminal organisations.
Brighton's Julio Enciso scores a fantastic equaliser as his side play out an entertaining draw against champions Manchester City.
Moulded by La Masia, forged by the Old Firm, now celebrated in north London. Mikel Arteta's long journey was always focused on one destination: the top.
Real Madrid's players and supporters show support for Vinicius Jr as the hosts beat Rayo Vallecano 2-1 at the Bernabeu.
Liam Smith's rematch with Chris Eubank Jr is postponed, meaning Savannah Marshall's undisputed world title challenge will be the main event at Manchester's AO Arena on 1 July.
Crystal Palace playmaker Eberechi Eze offers fresh and exciting input for Gareth Southgate's England squad, writes Phil McNulty.
Rachael Blackmore is suspended for a ride at Kilbeggan where she was found to have mistaken the winning post a circuit too early, having initially been cleared of breaching rules.
Akash Madhwal takes 5-5 as Mumbai Indians thrash Lucknow Super Giants by 81 runs in their Indian Premier League Eliminator.
We report this percentage every month but here are three things you may not know.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
Lancashire Police said the child was crossing the road when the collision happened.
Newly released FBI documents say there were “ever-present“ IRA threats during her US visits.
Oath Keepers founder Stewart Rhodes gets the longest sentence yet for his part on January 6, 2021.
Five French soldiers are accused of failing to help during the incident when 27 people died.
Witnesses report officers pointing Tasers at a man who was held on suspicion of criminal damage.
The British superstar gives these Florida high school band students the surprise of a lifetime.
Supermarkets have been accused of "greedflation" - putting prices up to bolster profits.
Britain's biggest building society says it is putting up rates due to the current economic climate.
Some pupils are struggling to access period products in schools, data shared with BBC News suggests.
The drug can target one of the three most dangerous bacterial superbugs, say researchers.
Material recovered from the area 30 miles from where Madeleine went missing will be analysed, say police.
Aderrien Murry has been released from hospital and is recovering from his injuries.
BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner on how much we know about what happened in the Black Sea.
Figures showing record migration to the UK and turbulence in the bond markets lead the papers.
With bills set to drop from July, fixed deals could be due to make a comeback, say experts.
How did a promise to get net migration down to the "tens of thousands" go unfulfilled for 13 years?
Maksym saved Ivan's life in Bakhmut, then stayed to lead their men. A week later he was dead.
Innovation and good timing combined to make California's Nvidia the dominant firm for AI computer chips.
Cars are at the heart of the culture wars and anger at road-blocking tactics has led to armed raids.
Twitter's tech issues created a farce but there are questions about him too, writes our North America editor.
Ellen Siegert, 18, from Norfolk, presents her mini Strictly cast to their real life dancer doubles.
Most people wanting to come to the UK need to apply via a points-based system.
Politicians are grappling with the trade-offs involved in designing a post-Brexit immigration regime.
Four people including two policemen are killed in the attack in the city of Nakano.
Thousands of 'otherworldly' animals live beneath the ocean in an area that may be mined for metals.
Gen Brown would become the first black joint chiefs chairman in three decades, after Colin Powell.
Amarii, 14, says she's been unable to sleep since the altercation at a teen disco in Sunderland.
Flt Sgt Peter Brown's funeral took place in Westminster after a campaign for a "fitting send-off".
The app, which allowed players to "buy and sell" black characters, was launched last month.
After a long inquiry, a judge has concluded many questions about Melissa Caddick's fate will go unanswered.
Manchester United secure Champions League football for next season with a 4-1 win over Chelsea at Old Trafford.
Lewis Hamilton says he has not been in talks with Ferrari, adding he and Mercedes are close to a deal to keep him at the team beyond this season.
Second-placed Wigan come from 22-14 down to snatch victory in golden-point extra time at third-placed Hull KR in Super League.
It is more than eight weeks since Tottenham sacked Antonio Conte but who is in line for the job after Feyenoord boss Arne Slot rules himself out of contention?
Nat Sciver-Brunt says there is no extra pressure on England despite record ticket sales for the Women's Ashes.
Interim manager Frank Lampard says the Chelsea squad need to realise "when you turn the tap off, it's hard to turn it back on".
Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah says he is "devastated" the club have missed out on a spot in next season's Champions League.
The cap which sets typical household energy bills is expected to drop sharply from July.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people will get extra help with energy bills.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
What can homeowners do to reduce their energy consumption?
Harvey Evans and best friend Kyrees Sullivan died in a crash while riding an electric bike.
The 61-year-old is leaving ITV with immediate effect as he apologises for misleading employers, his family and the public.
Why has an NHS Trust failed to improve maternity care after a near-decade of failure?
Ex-officer barred for misconduct says she been made a "scapegoat" for failings over Sarah Everard's murder.
WBC world heavyweight champion Tyson Fury claims he wants to fight fellow Briton Anthony Joshua at Wembley in September and has sent him a contract.
Two pistols and nearly 2,000 rounds of ammunition also went missing over the past two years.
Bacari-Bronze O'Garro, better known as Mizzy, is notorious for pranks including acts of trespass.
Custody officer Lorraine Barwell was kicked to death by a prisoner she was escorting.
Authorities are investigating the ex-Pink Floyd star after he wore the controversial outfit in Berlin.
British Cycling is to ban transgender women from the female category of its competitions following a review and consultation.
Video filmed on a phone shows the driver losing control of the car before getting caught in the current.
Olivia Perks, 21, was found dead in her room at Sandhurst military academy in 2019.
Saturday's papers lead with news of Phillip Schofield's affair and disruption at British Airways.
Stephen Boden and Shannon Marsden lied to professionals, before murdering 10-month-old Finley.
Bodies are exhumed and burial sites are razed to make way for roads and bridges.
The Croydon-born musician says he "can't accept" he's keeping company with Marvin Gaye and Diana Ross.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Money only "touches the surface" of a deeper problem, former recluses and youth workers say.
Some say objections to Kathleen Stock's upcoming visit go against free speech, but others disagree.
Some pupils are struggling to access period products in schools, data shared with BBC News suggests.
Elon Musk’s brain chip firm Neuralink has received the US regulatory green light for its first human clinical trial, after earlier controversies.
Cadbury Flake makers' Mondelēz International say action is being taken to address the crumbly issue.
Some final year students may not graduate this summer, with UCU members refusing to mark exams.
Mounting evidence seen by the BBC suggests that medical facilities are being targeted by both sides.
Journalist Jonny McFarlane recognised the silver Kia Ceed when he saw it on the news on Friday.
The High Court rules the actor can bring action over phone-tapping, but not for alleged voicemail hacking.
German prosecutors say it will take time to examine materials recovered from this week's search in Portugal.
Three women arrested on suspicion of taking the lambs from a field are released on bail.
The singer revealed last year she had been diagnosed with Stiff-Person Syndrome, affecting her singing.
Gas cookers harm the environment and have been linked to respiratory disease, campaigners warn.
Watchdog says it is seeking legal advice "on the impact of leaked confidential information".
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says his players are "really united" despite the club missing out on Champions League qualification.
Brentford boss Thomas Frank joins England manager Gareth Southgate in criticising the terms of striker Ivan Toney's eight-month ban from football.
Lewis Hamilton says he "felt the improvements" of his upgraded Mercedes after finishing sixth fastest in practice at the Monaco Grand Prix.
Mauricio Lara is stripped of his world title after he is unable to make the weight for his defence against Leigh Wood on Saturday.
The biggest stories from the 2022-23 Premier League season told in under 90 seconds.
Partick Thistle are through to the Premiership play-off final after brushing aside 10-man Ayr United at a packed Somerset Park.
Coventry and Luton compete for the honour of who has suffered the most going into Saturday's Championship play-off final.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
Turks vote in a presidential run-off to decide on their country's future path.
Luton beat Coventry 6-5 on penalties after a 1-1 draw at Wembley to win promotion to the Premier League for the first time.
The adverts will say people 'face being detained and removed' if they come to the UK by small boat.
Andrei Kelin tells Laura Kuenssberg Russia has "enormous resources" but UK and US weapons are to blame.
She says he lied to her when she "directly" asked him about rumours of a relationship.
Filmmaker Justine Triet becomes the third female director ever to win the prestigious prize.
The detective was shot while putting footballs into his car at a sports complex in Omagh in February.
The health and science editor is remembered as a "true trailblazer" and "devoted mother and wife".
Ken Paxton, Texas' Attorney General, is now suspended from office pending a trial in the state Senate.
Crews had been searching the River Eden in Carlisle after four teenagers got into difficulty on Friday.
The lawyer told the judge he did not know content from the artificial intelligence could be false.
Just Stop Oil protesters force stoppage of the Gallagher Premiership final between Saracens and Sale at Twickenham.
Harvey Evans and friend Kyrees Sullivan died after the e-bike they were on crashed in Ely, Cardiff.
Several of Sunday's papers continue with their coverage of Phillip Schofield's affair.
South African Tamara Magwashu grew up unable to afford pads or tampons - now she is changing that for others.
Monarchs, super heroes, and iconic puppets are just some of the characters to have walked its halls.
Some say objections to Kathleen Stock's upcoming visit go against free speech, but others disagree.
Saturday's papers lead with news of Phillip Schofield's affair and disruption at British Airways.
Luton Town fans are celebrating victory over Coventry City that secured Premier League promotion.
Paul Heaton pays for fans' drinks at a festival after doing the same to mark his 60th birthday.
The 2022-23 Premier League season finishes on Sunday - and the battle to avoid relegation looks set to provide the main drama.
Luton's Jordan Clark says boss Rob Edwards told them to win the Championship play-off final for Tom Lockyer after the defender collapsed during the game.
Emma Hayes has got used to that winning feeling, but Chelsea's latest Women's Super League title - their fourth in a row - brought a new sense of relief.
Leigh Wood gains revenge on Mauricio Lara to claim the WBA featherweight belt vacated by the Mexican after he failed to make weight.
Chris Billam-Smith becomes the new WBO cruiserweight champion as he dethrones former gym-mate Lawrence Okolie on a memorable night in Bournemouth.
Chelsea win the Women's Super League for a fourth successive season with a 3-0 final-day victory at Reading, who are relegated.
Monaco, a fantasy land of opulence and excess, almost delivers a fairytale in a gripping qualifying session.
The president's supporters celebrate long into the night after he secures five more years in power.
The UK's largest police force will introduce the move from September to free up officer resources.
The Ukrainian president thanks his air force, after most of the Russian drones were shot down.
Leicester's nine-year stay in the Premier League ends as they are relegated on the final day of the season despite beating West Ham.
Italy's fire service says 19 people are rescued as a search continues for those reported missing.
ITV says the flagship show will continue "as normal" on Monday and there are "no plans" to axe it.
The iconic fashion designer died in December 2022 and is buried in her birthplace of Tintwistle.
President Joe Biden said he had not made too many concessions to Republicans as part of the agreement.
Theories abound as to why the waters below the Rialto Bridge in the Grand Canal turned bright green.
A mother is warning others to look out for symptoms of necrotising fasciitis after she nearly died.
A retail group says putting "1970s-style price controls" on bread, milk and sugar will make no difference.
Police and fire service investigate cause of blaze following death of "beautiful" five-year-old.
Rescue teams found the men, both in their 20s, in the water on Saturday morning.
Monday's papers lead with reaction to plans for a food price cap, and the Phillip Schofield controversy.
The UK's heroes are no longer being honoured in marble on a plinth but with a spray can on a brick wall.
Infertility can devastate people's mental health, relationships, finances and career, a charity says.
Can new chief executive Linda Yaccarino fix Twitter?
BBC Sport looks back at a strange Premier League season which had a bit of everything.
A brief history of the warring console makers' attempts to become the games industry's big boss.
One of England's most famous grounds is set for a major upgrade now Luton Town are promoted.
European leaders are getting nervous about the US election and shifts in foreign policy.
Anger is rising in the Portuguese capital Lisbon, where affordable homes are rarer and rarer.
Monarchs, super heroes, and iconic puppets are just some of the characters to have walked its halls.
The Turkish president burst into song as he claimed victory in his country's election.
Nepal will not shift base camp due to climate change, after opposition from Sherpas and mountaineers.
Rescuers in Beirut used small cameras to identify the location of the feline, before pulling it to safety.
About 500 people dress up and take part in the colourful parade through the town centre.
Officers used water cannon to try to disperse the crowds at the Extinction Rebellion protest
Former Hatters chairman Nick Owen says he is "pinching" himself after what the club's experienced.
Everton need a serious reboot and fresh ideas in their hierarchy otherwise this latest relegation escape will merely be a temporary reprieve, writes Phil McNulty.
Match of the Day analyses Everton's escape from relegation by looking back over their past final-day thrillers in the Premier League.
Cameron Norrie and Jack Draper aim to maintain British interest on day two at the French Open as they begin their campaigns at Roland Garros.
Leicester City have been relegated from the Premier League. Here BBC Sport assesses the key failings that led to the club's demise.
Charlotte Kool wins the final stage of the RideLondon Classique to seal her overall victory as Great Britain's Lizzie Deignan finishes third.
Managers lacking inspiration? Recruitment mistakes? Malign dressing room influences? Dundee United's relegation is a toxic mix off all three - and more.
The head of Ukraine's military intelligence warns of a swift response to a series of strikes on Kyiv.
President Joe Biden says he "feels good" about the prospect of Congress passing the deal by 5 June.
Rishi Sunak says he is 'deeply concerned' by the rising number of under-18s using vapes.
Fresh produce prices are lower but coffee and chocolate as well as non-food items lift inflation.
The detail is uncovered in a BBC Spotlight investigation into Freddie Scappaticci, who died in April.
Former US Open champion Sloane Stephens says the abuse of tennis players is getting "worse" and attempts to thwart it make little difference.
It comes as ex-host Phillip Schofield hits out at critics and denies toxicity when he was on the show.
Experts say a long, cold spring before warmer weather means larger swarms are searching for hives.
Serb protesters are angry at ethnic Albanian mayors being installed in Serb-majority areas.
A former inspector of constabulary says sending officers to fewer 999 calls is "potentially alarming".
UNAids and the US warn that Uganda's progress in tackling HIV is now in "grave jeopardy".
Nicolás Maduro was banned from visiting Brazil by the country's former far-right leader.
Frankfurt police say they took action after receiving reports about a man with an assault rifle.
A mechanic and a financial team leader are among the first-time actors in Shane Meadows' new series.
Labour plans to let councils buy land cheaply and a call for action on interest rates lead the papers.
What is it about a Buckinghamshire waste centre that earned it a 100% satisfaction rating?
Experts say victims often never get their money back from those who defrauded them.
Pita Limjaroenrat tells the BBC he wants to govern "for the people", but big hurdles lie ahead.
Whole towns in Europe are being heated by huge, energy efficient heat pumps.
Spoiler-free zone: The show is widely praised by critics, some of whom compare it with Shakespeare.
Phillip Schofield left his role on the daytime show after admitting an affair with a colleague.
Pakistan's ex-leader says he will wait and see what happens as his party colleagues are arrested and he may be, too.
The 'completion' of football at the 2022 World Cup required Lionel Messi to configure his character and rediscover his childhood.
Canadian Delaney Irving, who won the women's race, was knocked unconscious as she chased the cheese.
Oscar Burrow now wants to go on to become the youngest person ever to scale Mount Everest.
Luton will play top flight football for the first time in more than 30 years next season.
Chelsea appoint former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino as their new manager on a two-year deal.
Cpl Luther Herschel Story died in the Korean War in 1950. His family is finally burying his remains.
Thin, high cloud gave a spectacular show of halos, arcs and upside-down rainbows.
PSNI officer John Caldwell was shot after coaching a youth football team in Omagh in February.
The Canadian city of Halifax declares a state of local emergency after a wildfire causes evacuations.
Organisers Activity Wales Events confirmed the man's death with "heavy hearts".
Jonas Brothers, The 1975, Anne-Marie and Cat Burns took to the stage for the three-day festival.
Italy's fire service says the boat capsized when a storm developed over the lake.
About 1,200 more people - like those caught up in the Manchester Arena bombing - could get support.
Play was interrupted when people ran onto the field at a rugby league match in New Zealand.
Bola Tinubu makes a major policy announcement in his inaugural address.
Mauricio Pochettino's appointment could be the defining moment of Chelsea's new era - but the owners cannot afford for it to fail.
Chennai Super Kings stage a remarkable chase to beat Gujarat Titans by five wickets and win the Indian Premier League for a fifth time.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker alongside pundits Ian Wright and Alan Shearer analyse Leicester City's downfall and relegation.
Sheffield Wednesday boss Darren Moore says his side's win over Barnsley in the League One play-off final proves "anything is possible".
Erik Ten Hag says Harry Maguire has to decide on his future with Manchester United after making just 16 league appearances for the club this season.
Coach Brendon McCullum says "there is no greater opportunity" for England to prove themselves than the "formidable" challenge of the Ashes series against Australia.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Season?
The Russian president says drone attacks on Moscow targeted civilians, as Ukraine denies direct involvement.
Lenders are "reassessing" their offers amid concerns about how high interest rates will go.
Pyongyang was planning to send up its first space satellite to monitor US military activities.
Canadian computer scientist Yoshua Bengio tells the BBC he did not realise AI would develop so fast.
Animal by-products being used for aviation fuel could increase demand for palm oil, experts fear.
A Chinese fighter jet performed an "aggressive manoeuvre" in front of a US Air Force plane, says the US.
What you need to know about the walkout by Aslef train drivers, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
Protesters gathered at Oxford Union, after the prime minister backs gender-critical academic's invite.
The television presenter quit This Morning after admitting an affair with a younger colleague.
Kosovo has been expelled from a US-led military exercise after tensions in majority-Serb areas.
From 28 June, parents on universal credit can claim up to £1,630 childcare for two or more children.
The regulator said the advert for Litty Liqour was "likely to encourage excessive consumption of alcohol".
Jim Grover's photographs mark the 75th anniversary of the arrival of HMT Empire Windrush.
A row over ministers' pandemic WhatsApp messages and warnings about the dangers of AI lead the papers.
Despite Russia's help, the Myanmar military is still failing to control the country and its soldiers are defecting.
Ben Roberts-Smith denies killing Afghan civilians, in a case that's shone a light on elite soldier units.
Several buildings have been damaged by drone attacks in Moscow.
Heads of OpenAI, Google Deepmind and Anthropic say the threat is as great as pandemics and nuclear war.
The man who led China's pandemic response says inquiries into its origins should consider everything.
The band's exit to their set at Radio 1's Big Weekend has caused a lot of controversy.
A new documentary series, Gods of Tennis, explores how a generation of tennis players changed the sport forever
The detail is uncovered in a BBC Spotlight investigation into Freddie Scappaticci, who died in April.
Experts say victims often never get their money back from those who defrauded them.
Workers at Taste by Spellbound in Connecticut were shocked when they spotted the uninvited customer.
The biannual phenomenon draws locals and tourists alike to capture the perfect photo.
Steve Stuttard says it is the fourth year the mother duck has nested on his apartment block.
The diagnosis comes as her husband, former President Jimmy Carter, receives hospice care in Georgia.
Russian teenager Mirra Andreeva says a text message from Andy Murray provided the inspiration before winning the first Grand Slam match of her career.
The aircraft is reported to have links to a Brazilian branch of an evangelical church.
The leaders are expected to discuss trade, although a full-blown free trade agreement is not on the agenda.
As many as five people are still believed to be missing in the debris of the six-storey apartment building.
Pretoria wants the power to decide whether to detain leaders wanted by the International Criminal Court.
Five people remain unaccounted for after the incident, with no deaths so far reported, officials say.
Worcestershire seamer Josh Tongue will make his England Test debut against Ireland at Lord's on Thursday as Jonny Bairstow returns.
Second seed Daniil Medvedev is stunned by qualifier Thiago Seyboth Wild in a big French Open first-round shock.
With key players out injured, what are the big decisions facing Sarina Wiegman before she names her 23-player England squad on Wednesday for this summer's Women's World Cup?
Anthony Martial will miss Manchester United's FA Cup final against Manchester City on Saturday after sustaining a hamstring injury.
A gang sold cheap subscriptions to an illegal service showing games not otherwise available in the UK.
Britain's Cameron Norrie says he is relishing playing in "the tough moments" as he prepares to face home favourite Lucas Pouille at the French Open.
Los Angeles Angels infielder Luis Rengifo comedically loses sight of a ball that is right beneath him in his side's game against the Chicago White Sox.
The pandemic inquiry is demanding the government release the unredacted messages by Thursday.
Eight others were treated for injuries and a man has been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter.
Footage of potential human rights abuses may be lost after platforms delete it, the BBC has found.
Novak Djokovic has stood by the political message he wrote on a camera lens about Kosovo, saying it is an issue he "stands for".
Daniel Knott's mother says her grief has been amplified by a video of his body being shared online.
The health ministry says making the pill more easily available "removes an important barrier".
A barrister is leading a review into how ITV handled the affair between Schofield and his colleague.
The aim is to protect the most vulnerable as high temperatures become more common due to climate change.
The artist says the business relationship with the drinks giant was "tainted by racial prejudices".
Three women said the actor sexually assaulted them at his Hollywood home between 2001-03.
Firefighters say flames burned through a 30 sq mile area near Cannich but it is now under control.
It will also pay out after allowing employees of its Ring doorbell system access to customer recordings.
The fallout from Phillip Schofield's resignation and a warning from university bosses lead the papers
Firms struggling to repay pandemic debt should be given more flexibility, a business lobby group says.
A stand-off over Boris Johnson's submissions to the Covid inquiry spells trouble for the government.
Some sightings turn out to be wayward Bart Simpson balloons. Others remain a mystery.
Russia is taking Ukrainian children. Their mothers are travelling into enemy territory to save them.
Canadian computer scientist Yoshua Bengio tells the BBC he did not realise AI would develop so fast.
The incident happened on 29 May during a rare daytime attack on the city, no one was injured.
We looked at four failing English councils to find out whether they paid the price at the ballot box.
Ben Roberts-Smith denies killing Afghan civilians, in a case that's shone a light on elite soldier units.
Journalist Soraya Ali travels to Somalia to see if it really is how her mother remembers it.
It comes as North Korea attempted to launch a satellite, but a fault caused it to crash into the sea.
Russia says Ukraine has launched a series of drone strikes on its territory, including on Moscow this week.
The FSO Safer, moored off Yemen's coast, holds more than a million barrels of oil.
Euro 2022 top scorer Beth Mead is not included in England's Women's World Cup squad, having not recovered from an anterior cruciate ligament injury.
The driver launched the car through the air before crash landing onto another car on the road.
Warhammer is a fantasy theme game, described as "a British institution and a global success".
Train drivers will walk out on Wednesday, with further strikes planned for Friday and Saturday.
Rimegepant will be available only to adults who have tried at least three other preventative drugs.
The phenomenon drew locals and tourists alike to capture the perfect photo on Monday and Tuesday evening.
The pop star says the diagnosis has allowed her to "become fully, fully myself".
Conservative Ben Houchen attacked Labour's Andy McDonald over "corruption" allegations at Teesworks.
Canada will be the first country to have warning labels on the tipping paper of individual cigarettes.
The museum said a video released by the ruling PiS party is an insult to the camp's victims.
The 1980s pop star spoke to presenters Sally Nugent and Jon Kay about his upcoming slot at the Glastonbury Festival.
Sevilla claim a record-extending seventh Europa League title as they beat Roma on penalties at a raucous Puskas Arena in Budapest.
Beth Mead's exclusion from England's Women's World Cup squad was a disappointment but not a surprise - instead there was reward for two players who made bold moves in January.
Caroline Brouwer spent more than a decade at the heart of one of the most celebrated and notorious dressing rooms in English football, after unknowingly signing up to Wimbledon's 'Crazy Gang'.
Lionel Messi is set to decide where he will play football next season and it seems certain it won't be Barcelona.
When Josh Tongue walks out at Lord's on Thursday he will not only earn his first Test cap, but also £50,000 for a family friend who placed an unlikely bet 14 years ago.
Lionel Scaloni reflects on his incredible World Cup journey as Argentina's manager.
England manager Sarina Wiegman says former captain Steph Houghton was "in our conversations" despite being left out of the World Cup squad.
The government’s refusal to share Boris Johnson’s messages sets up an unprecedented legal showdown.
The Galleri test revealed the correct site of a tumour 85% of the time in a study with 5,000 patients.
Children as young as 16 are working at TV channels in occupied Ukraine, spouting Russian propaganda.
Police in Bournemouth release more details about the "devastating" deaths of a boy and girl.
The White House said Mr Biden, 80, tripped over a sandbag on stage but was feeling "fine".
The former This Morning presenter speaks to the Sun about an affair he had with a young male colleague.
The leisure industry has been hit hard, but the rest of the economy has learned to cope.
The US says the airline did not "provide timely refunds to passengers" during Covid.
Women say they are facing "soul-destroying" waits for reconstructive surgery after breast cancer.
Referees' body PGMOL says it is appalled by the "unjustified and abhorrent" abuse directed at Anthony Taylor by supporters at Budapest Airport following Wednesday's Europa League final.
Officials were searching a ravine near Guadalajara for seven young people reported missing last week.
It comes after shares in his electric car company Tesla have almost doubled since the start of the year.
The FCA is banning fees that debt advisors receive for referring people to debt solution companies.
The row over ministers' pandemic WhatsApps and an interview with Philip Schofield lead the papers.
This is the influencer's first TV interview with a major broadcaster while under house arrest.
Avoiding public places, moving home... how the threat of random gunfire is changing the way people live.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The band's first album since Taylor Hawkins' death, is a powerful account of, and antidote to, pain.
Psychologists say emotions and time may be behind the perfectly normal phenomenon.
As the number of breast reductions rises, women open up on their experience of having bigger breasts.
A Nepali sherpa guide carried the man on his back for six hours during the "very rare" high-altitude rescue.
They are largely unpredictable and unforeseeable but are twisters becoming a more serious threat?
A 16th Century Italian painting looted by the Nazis has been returned to Poland from Japan.
Spider-Woman takes the spotlight in the sequel film to 2018's Oscar-winning Spider-Man animation.
A video circulated online shows the driver pointing what appears to be a gun at a passenger.
Jack Rigby has raised more than £50,000 for the charity Scotty's Little Soldiers.
Mr Callaghan was one of six men from Northern Ireland wrongly jailed over pub bombings in 1974.
Cast members from the PlayStation 2 original confirm they won't be re-recording their parts.
Ben Roberts-Smith had sued newspapers over allegations he killed unarmed prisoners in Afghanistan.
Daniel Knott's mother says her grief has been amplified by a video of his body being shared online.
Stuart Broad says England's attack is ready to step up in the Ashes if Ben Stokes' knee injury stops him from playing a full part as a bowler.
Watch highlights as Stuart Broad's five-wicket haul and 50s from Zak Crawley and Ben Duckett put England in control against Ireland on day one of the Test at Lord's.
Major League Soccer side Inter Miami sack coach Phil Neville with the club bottom of the Eastern Conference after 15 games.
American Jessica Pegula, seeded third in the French Open singles, is the latest leading WTA Tour player to feature in a BBC Sport column.
Britain's Cameron Norrie says he is not distracted by the looming prospect of facing top seed Carlos Alcaraz as he tries to reach the French Open fourth round for the first time.
The collision involving two passenger services in Odisha state has left about 900 people injured.
The broadcaster has failed to learn lessons since my daughter died, Christine Flack tells the BBC.
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg visits Yaroslavl to find out if people there carry the Kremlin's message.
Intelligence officers from Italy and Israel are among the four people who drowned on 28 May.
The bestselling author says she would not have made it without determination and female support.
What you need to know about the walkout by Aslef train drivers, by the BBC's Zoe Conway.
The price of diesel fell to £1.47 in May but the RAC argues the price should be cut further.
The BBC put these pro spellers to the test during the annual Scripps National Spelling Bee.
The US president pledges to sign the package into law on Saturday after it cruised through Congress.
The 700-year-old Declaration of Arbroath continues to inspire the country's independence movement.
Sanda Dia died after being made to consume excessive amounts of fish oil and alcohol in 2018.
Alice Mahon believed she was exposed to the deadly substance as a nurse - and potentially when she was an MP in Parliament.
The winner becomes the 18th UK player to win more than £100m in a EuroMillions jackpot.
From more Schofield fallout to a poll on Brexit attitudes, a mix of stories lead Saturday's papers.
Russia is mounting more frequent missile and drone raids on Ukraine recently, with a focus on Kyiv.
As Manchester United and Manchester City meet in Saturday's FA Cup final, BBC Sport looks at the schools which specialise in moulding the clubs' young talent.
Welsh tech billionaire Michael Moritz is criticised over an anti-drug campaign in San Francisco.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The first all-Manchester FA Cup final takes place at Wembley on Saturday, with City looking to stay on course for the Treble and United chasing a domestic cup double.
After six years as editor-in-chief, Edward Enninful will help lead Vogue brands globally in a new role.
The announcement comes just days before Mike Pence is expected to announce his 2024 presidential bid.
The Grammy winner's hits included You've Lost That Lovin' Feeling and On Broadway.
Two of the canal's ports were closed as parts of Egypt were engulfed by dust and sand.
The move, ahead of the 2024 elections, is a reversal of its policy put in place after the 2020 vote.
The virtual track is helping the world's biggest racing teams spot rising talent and win new fans.
Jack Beeton says it is "lovely" to meet the Prince of Wales, who helped save him when he was a pilot.
Ollie Pope crashes his maiden Test double hundred and Ben Duckett helps himself to 182 on a completely one-sided second day of England's Test against Ireland.
Cameron Norrie's bid to crack the French Open last 16 is undone as Italy's Lorenzo Musetti outclasses the British number one.
Faith Kipyegon sets a new 1500m world record in the Florence Diamond League meeting on Friday, with Britain's Laura Muir a distant second.
Lewis Hamilton says he will struggle to qualify in the top 10 for the Spanish Grand Prix if Mercedes cannot improve his car.
Watch highlights as Ollie Pope scores a double hundred and Ben Duckett adds 182 to maintain England's dominance against Ireland on day two of the Test at Lord's.
Watch as Kenya's Faith Kipyegon breaks the 1500m world record with a "sensational" time of three minutes 49.11 seconds at the Diamond League meeting in Florence.
Novak Djokovic continues his quest for a 23rd major title at the French Open, with Carlos Alcaraz - another favourite for the men's title - also through.
At least 288 people were killed in the collision of two passenger trains and a goods train in Odisha.
Five of those hurt are children, of whom three are in a serious condition, a Ukrainian official says.
A trickle of Russians leaving became a stream after the full-scale invasion of Ukraine of 2022.
Five former home secretaries tell Laura Kuenssberg the truth about immigration policy.
A group of Ugandan children is on the verge of glory after reaching the final of Britain's Got Talent.
With rates rising and mortgages disappearing from the market, buyers reveal their struggles to get a deal.
A top-flight match in Argentina is abandoned after a fan falls to their death from a stand at the stadium.
The incident came after a drug smuggling operation was thwarted at the border, the army says.
Ilkay Gundogan scores twice, including the fastest FA Cup final goal ever, as Manchester City beat Manchester United to secure the second part of a possible Treble.
A protester is tackled by police after entering the track at the Derby Festival at Epsom racecourse.
Two people are arrested after a woman in her 70s dies in a dog attack in Bedworth.
First Minister Humza Yousaf writes to PM Rishi Sunak urging him to revoke the UK's rejection of glass by Monday.
Pre-election tax cuts and Holly Willoughby's return to This Morning feature in Sunday's papers.
Frantic scenes unfolded after India's horrific train crash which has killed at least 288 people.
Researchers have cited the plot of Pixar's WALL-E in a series of AI "disaster scenarios".
A French factory is pioneering recycling of solar units as experts warn of a waste mountain by 2050.
BBC Reporter was asked to help after a patient held a doctor at gunpoint in 48-hour hospital siege.
The YA writer says the next series will show her characters and their romances "maturing".
Quinten has a severe allergy to dairy, egg, soya and nuts and "feels like the odd one out".
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The Met Police say a man has been held on suspicion of a public order offence and taken into custody.
A £6.5m scheme to help prevent the extinction of priority species in Scotland has been launched.
Blackhorse Lane Atelier, in east London, is trying to preserve manufacturing skills in the capital.
The crackdown on stand-up comedy unleashed by a joke is now hurting Beijing's vibrant live music scene.
Iga Swiatek says she has to "remain disciplined" after thrashing Wang Xinyu, while Coco Gauff fights back to beat 16-year-old Mirra Andreeva.
The Russian leader's invasion of Ukraine has made life complicated for South Africa on several fronts.
Match of the Day pundit Alan Shearer says Manchester United will have to spend big this summer if they are to challenge Manchester City's supremacy.
The Celtic manager Ange Postecoglou says he wants to enjoy his side's Scottish Cup and domestic treble triumph rather than be "side-tracked" by talking about his future.
Watch highlights as Ilkay Gundogan scores twice to fire Manchester City to a 2-1 FA Cup final victory against Manchester United at Wembley.
England captain Ben Stokes says he is "definitely on course" to bowl in the first Ashes Test at Edgbaston.
Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso say errors prevented them from joining Red Bull's Max Verstappen on the front row for the Spanish Grand Prix.
Aryna Sabalenka will face Sloane Stephens in the first night session at this year's French Open to feature a women's match.
Rory McIlroy has high hopes of a big win at The Memorial Tournament after a fine third round on Saturday.
They say they will hand the men over to Ukraine, after accusing a Russian official of failing to meet them.
Ten days after leaving a psychiatric unit, David Fleet stabbed a man who was walking his dog.
The Duke of Sussex is the first royal of modern times to give evidence and be cross-examined in a British court.
Thousands of Ukrainians are moving back to towns close to the front line, despite the dangers.
Scams are becoming more common, with fraudsters charging up to £4,000 per paper, exam boards warn.
The move by the oil-rich nations comes as prices fall amid accusations Opec has sided with Russia.
Relatives of the victims of the India train crash tell of their struggle to locate loved ones.
The family of 17-year-old trainee chef Joe Abbess said he had had a "bright future ahead of him".
Immigration minister says he has to look after taxpayers and reduce use of hotels for housing asylum seekers.
The Business Council, set up by the Chambers of Commerce, has Heathrow, BP and Drax among its members.
The 32-year-old is due to appear in court after animal rights protesters targeted the horse race.
Michelle Hodgkinson had been walking to meet her mum to take her shopping when she was attacked.
The BBC's security correspondent Frank Gardner - a keen naturalist - has been on their trail.
The cost of mortgages rising and Holly Willoughby's return to This Morning feature on Monday's front pages.
For the first time in the modern era a senior royal is going to give evidence in open court.
Viewers have a number of glossy dating shows to choose from - Love Island is just one of them.
Find out how the world's major economies are doing on cutting their emissions and what lies ahead.
The star headlines a different kind of festival, and says he wants to publish more diverse voices.
The Strawberry Moon marks the start of meteorological summer.
The pop star speaks to the Hay Festival about her passion for reading and her drive for success.
Researchers have cited the plot of Pixar's WALL-E in a series of AI "disaster scenarios".
BBC reporter was asked to help after a patient held a doctor at gunpoint in 48-hour hospital siege.
Pro-democracy activists have been detained in a crackdown on marking the 1989 massacre in Beijing.
Politicians including main opposition leader Donald Tusk led crowds calling for a change of direction.
The 33-year-old from Warwickshire has been charged with displaying threatening or abusive writing.
The nine-year-old boy was taken to hospital by air ambulance after the accident at about 14:00 BST.
The actor revealed a few spoilers when he spoke to Laura Kuenssberg about the show's ending.
It served as a royal home to the King and Queen during visits to Wales prior to Charles' coronation.
Watch as Manchester City players bump into Elton John at the airport after their 2-1 FA Cup final victory over Manchester United at Wembley.
The awards were hosted by Jane McDonald after Phillip Schofield left ITV last week.
Defence Minister Li Shangfu says Beijing is open to dialogue in his first major speech in the role.
Quinten has a severe allergy to dairy, egg, soya and nuts and "feels like the odd one out".
The result of a vote on reforms is likely to be seen as a key moment in the CBI's future.
Police and protesters clash for a second night over a jail term for a woman who attacked neo-Nazis.
Drawing parallels with 2019, England are in far better shape to contest the Ashes against Australia, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Tottenham are expected to open talks with Celtic manager Ange Postecoglou about becoming their new boss in the next few days.
England spinner Jack Leach is ruled out of the Ashes series against Australia with a back stress fracture.
Swedish forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic makes the announcement after AC Milan's final game of the season.
Novak Djokovic beats Peru's Juan Pablo Varillas to reach a record 17th French Open men's singles quarter-final, with Carlos Alcaraz also progressing.
Ukraine's Elina Svitolina says she "feels 17 again" after setting up a French Open quarter-final meeting with second seed Aryna Sabalenka.
Karim Benzema marks his final Real Madrid appearance with a goal as they draw at home to Athletic Bilbao.
Ukraine says its has gained ground near Bakhmut, as Russia claims to have thwarted a new attack.
The recruitment of nurses by high-income countries is "out of control", a nursing body says.
The business lobby group is seeking a vote of confidence from members after a series of scandals.
But others warn that could stop some adults giving up cigarettes, which are much more harmful.
The high price and two-hour battery life raise questions about how popular the new device will be.
Prince Harry's lawyers claim his privacy was invaded by Mirror Group newspapers throughout his life.
Bob Stewart faces two public order charges over an incident in central London last year, police say.
Robert Hanssen had received more than $1.4m in cash, diamonds and money paid into Russian accounts.
Princess Eugenie is the King's niece, and the baby boy is her second child.
Staff at multiple organisations are warned of a payroll data breach after an IT supplier is hacked.
Sunnah Khan and Joe Abbess died after being pulled from the sea near Bournemouth Pier on Wednesday.
The Scots singer says he wants to be at his best and return to the stage at Glastonbury.
The presenter appeared on the ITV show on Monday for the first time since Phillip Schofield's exit.
First Minister Humza Yousaf urged the UK to allow glass to be part of the Scottish recycling scheme.
Seven people are punished for acts of racism towards Real Madrid's Brazil forward Vinicius Jr.
Fleur the cat stole the limelight as her owner answered questions about Prince Harry live on BBC News.
Many of Tuesday's front pages cover the latest in Prince Harry's phone hacking court battle.
The prime minister visits Dover to highlight progress on a problem some say is impossible to solve.
The prime minister gave an update on his policy of stopping small boats crossings.
Panorama investigates the links between UK's food safety advisors and the ultra-processed food industry.
The former VP was Trump's ambassador to the Christian right - now evangelicals can help him in 2024.
Afghanistan faces a worsening mental health crisis amid a clampdown on women's freedoms and rights.
At least 275 people died in a three-train collision on Friday night in India's Balasore district.
Speaking on ITV, the Bridgerton star described the Buckingham Palace balcony as "terribly white".
A watchdog says the former health secretary tried to influence an inquiry into a Conservative MP.
Mr Pence, 63, joins a field of Republicans vying to unseat frontrunner Donald Trump, his old boss.
Celtic boss Ange Postecoglou agrees to become Tottenham's new manager.
Mortgage rates have risen since recent figures showed inflation is not coming down as quickly as expected.
Scams are becoming more common, with fraudsters charging up to £4,000 per paper, exam boards warn.
France's most famous avenue turns into an open-air classroom for a record-breaking dictation event.
Susannah Dale is urging firms to sign a "maternity pledge", to support pregnant staff and new mums.
Shunned by society, Shaimaa Alhashimi built an online following by making videos about her home life.
Moeen Ali is considering an approach from England to come out of Test retirement to play in the Ashes as a replacement for the injured Jack Leach.
Tottenham Hotspur should "cash in" on Harry Kane to give Ange Postecoglou a chance to rebuild the squad, says Micah Richards.
World number one Carlos Alcaraz and Novak Djokovic will aim to set up a tantalising French Open semi-final meeting when they play at Roland Garros on Tuesday.
Promoter Eddie Hearn says he has made an offer to Dillian Whyte for a rematch with Anthony Joshua in August.
Polish top seed Iga Swiatek will face American teenager Coco Gauff in the French Open quarter-finals after both won their matches on Monday.
Watch the scenes as play continues despite fans throwing fireworks on the pitch, as Independiente Rivadavia beat rivals Deportivo Maipu in Mendoza, Argentina.
Andy Murray kicks off his Wimbledon preparations with a comfortable victory over Chung Hyeon in the first round of the Surbiton Trophy.
Homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
The Bank of England has raised the rate to 4.5% from 4.25%, pushing up mortgage costs.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
The Duke of Sussex is giving evidence in his case against Mirror Group Newspapers.
Around 40,000 people need to be evacuated, says Ukraine, after a collapse released a torrent of water.
They say personal details of 100,000 staff at the BBC, British Airways and Boots will be published if employers do not get in touch.
The woman is the latest to allege sexual violence against the controversial social media influencer.
Lawyers have questioned whether Nicola Sturgeon's messages are relevant to the Covid inquiry.
One of the most common swear words will no longer be automatically changed when typing.
Helen Holland, 81, died after being hit by a police motorcycle escorting the Duchess of Edinburgh
Sunnah Khan and Joe Abbess died after being pulled from the sea near Bournemouth Pier.
Paul Scully says there should be more of a focus on the good artificial intelligence can do.
London Irish are suspended from the Premiership after missing a second deadline to pay staff and failing to complete a takeover.
The actor, who has faced multiple misconduct allegations, has said the encounter was consensual.
The dance music DJ was due to play at the Parklife festival in Manchester and Glastonbury this summer.
Ballon d'Or winner Karim Benzema agrees terms with Saudi Arabian champions Al-Ittihad after leaving Real Madrid.
The streets in the district of Neftehavan have been flooded by rising water.
Wednesday's front pages cover Prince Harry's appearance in court and the collapse of a major dam in Ukraine.
Prince Harry becomes the first royal in modern times to face cross-examination in court.
'I couldn't trust anybody' - Harry on the impact of alleged unlawful information gathering on his life.
The BBC’s analysis editor Ros Atkins looks at what we know about the Ukraine dam collapse at Nova Kakhovka.
Agents who helped to bring down one of the most notorious Cold War spies tell us how they did it.
Experts give advice to the more than 100,000 warned their personal data is in the hands of cyber-criminals.
Essence Gayle still speaks regularly to her brother Garvey, two years after he killed their father.
The UK is sending missiles to Ukraine – but how could Storm Shadows change its fight against Russia?
A fragile historic painting was moved from a museum to a church. What does it say about the war?
The Savage Love singer says when wants to invest he looks for firms in sectors he understands.
Saibal Das survived a harrowing crash in Bihar and captured the first pictures of the tragedy.
The ratings decline comes amid suggestions that the ITV dating show has lost some of its appeal.
Connor Meyrick, 27, from Swindon, received 65% of his mother's liver during a 12-hour operation.
She was only in the studio as a translator, but ended up singing on the hit song and becoming a star.
A mum says a virtual reality headset gives her a new understanding of her girl's visual impairment.
There were 82,592 cases of gonorrhoea in 2022 - up 50% on the year before, officials say.
But an executive says remarks about aubergines by the show's editor were "extremely ill-judged".
The new game's character creator mode has got people talking, but does it hit the mark for players?
Members have backed the lobbying giant but some say they will continue to pause engagement.
Former footballer Pat Nevin has spoken for the first time about his grown-up son's autism diagnosis.
The Labour leader addressed the GMB after union leaders criticised his green energy plans.
Former Royal Marine Les Budding tells of his role on D-Day on the 79th anniversary of the landings.
Players have reacted with shock and anger to the PGA Tour & DP World Tour merging with breakaway circuit LIV Golf.
Chinese players Liang Wenbo and Li Hang receive lifetime bans for match-fixing in snooker's biggest corruption scandal.
West Ham boss David Moyes says "the best is yet to come" from the club as he prepares for his first European final in 25 years as a manager.
Top seed Carlos Alcaraz will face Novak Djokovic in the French Open semi-finals after a dominant win over Stefanos Tsitsipas.
World number one Iga Swiatek will face sixth seed Coco Gauff in the French Open quarter-finals on Wednesday, in what is a rematch of last year's final.
Ange Postecoglou will demand front-foot attacking football at Tottenham and those who don't follow will discover his ruthless streak.
The PGA Tour and DP World Tour agree to merge with Saudi Arabian-backed circuit LIV Golf in a deal that ends the acrimonious split in the game.
President Zelensky shared a video of the Kakhovka dam, in Kherson region, on his Telegram page.
The BBC was interviewing a resident about flooding after the breach of the Kakhovka dam, when shelling hit the area.
Russia and Ukraine are pointing the finger at one another, but where does the truth lie?
The roof of a building is seen floating along the swollen river.
Towns and villages are under water with thousands of people trying to flee flooded areas after dam breach.
The city was flooded after Ukraine accused Russia of destroying a huge dam nearby.
The Duke of Sussex says the press have "got into bed" with the government to ensure the status quo.
Staff shortages are driving up waiting lists in all four UK nations, the Royal College of Radiologists says.
Officials say residents can wear N95 masks to help alleviate the danger from the particulate-filled air.
Satellite images reveal the full extent of the devastation caused by the collapse of the Kakhovka dam.
Drones are dropping supplies to those trapped by floodwaters in Russian-controlled areas of the Kherson region.
Jarrod Bowen scores in the 90th minute as West Ham win the Europa Conference League - beating Fiorentina in a tense and dramatic final.
Average visits to food shops drop to 16 times per month, analyst firm Kantar says.
The first Heat-Health Alert of the year is issued across large parts of England.
The Duke of Sussex accuses Mirror Group Newspapers of hacking his phone "on an industrial scale".
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak says the UK is "natural place" to lead conversation on mitigating AI risks.
Donald Trump's two-time running mate offers his most forceful repudiation of his ex-boss to date.
Rising borrowing costs and plans for stricter rules are affecting the rental sector, surveyors say.
Labour dismisses the idea Just Stop Oil supporters are influencing policy,
The Prince and Princess of Wales pledge to replace all items stolen by thieves.
During the peak of his wrestling career in the 1980s he faced many greats, including Hulk Hogan.
The Coronation Street actress's husband says there is now "no hope of a reversal in the situation".
Thursday's papers lead on Harry's second day in court and soap star Julie Goodyer's dementia diagnosis.
After a day and a half of questioning, how did Prince Harry handle his questioning in court?
The volcano has erupted spewing massive flows of lava around the crater floor.
Film critics give their verdicts on troubled US actor Ezra Miller's long-awaited DC Comics movie.
Golf's shock merger is a stunning example of the shift in power that Saudi Arabia's investment in sport is bringing about.
Lewis Capaldi says he needs a break from touring in order to be "Lewis from Glasgow for a bit".
A simple guide on how to get a good night's sleep in the heat.
Japan moves to reform its sex assault laws, finally recognising consent.
The challenge for the prime minister now is delivery, and quickly, with a general election expected next year.
A former climate scientist is among a growing number of people overwhelmed by "eco-anxiety".
Researchers have found the first case of a crocodile who made herself pregnant.
About 2,000 security officers will walk out for 31 days in June, July and August.
It means the scheme is likely to launch at the same time as similar proposals for other parts of the UK.
Zoe Kleinman shares her thoughts on Apple's Vision Pro mixed-reality device after its big launch.
The uninvited guest managed to open the door of the vehicle and went in it to get dog food left inside.
Does the toppling of a slave trader's statue three years ago continue to inspire positive change?
The three-hour operation at a Roman hospital was completed without complications, says the Vatican.
Sophie O'Neill on the care home plight of her grandad Stanley, who was not showered for three months.
The former New Jersey governor enters the Republican race for the White House in 2024.
From the Royal Navy to the fire service, pupils at a Belfast primary school take part in a careers day.
The National Lottery says 205 ticket-holders in the city have become millionaires since 1994.
But experts warn "skinny jabs" are not a quick fix or a substitute for a healthy diet and exercise.
A carved piece of wood found during a construction project is believed to be the oldest in Britain.
Real Madrid have agreed a deal with Borussia Dortmund to sign England midfielder Jude Bellingham for 103m euros (£88.5m).
As their shops were boycotted, books burned and rights shredded, one German Jew found a way to survive the Nazi regime - representing it on the biggest sporting stage.
Fourth seed Casper Ruud will meet Alexander Zverev in the French Open semi-finals after beating Danish sixth seed Holger Rune in four sets.
David Moyes says he was "halfway down the touchline" as he saw Jarrod Bowen go through on goal in the last minute of the Europa Conference League final against Fiorentina.
West Ham condemn the behaviour of "a small number of fans" after Fiorentina's Cristiano Biraghi is hit by an object thrown from the stands during the Europa Conference League final.
In her latest BBC Sport column, Jessica Pegula discusses why only one of the 10 French Open night sessions showcased a women's match.
David Moyes and his West Ham players will be legends after their European success, but now comes the hard part for the club.
Many landmines planted near the Dnipro river are likely to have been washed away by the surging water.
Many are trapped in their homes downstream from the breached dam and water levels are still rising.
The BBC's James Waterhouse reports from a town flooded by the recent dam breach.
Catastrophic floods engulf towns and villages in southern Ukraine after a major dam was destroyed.
The BBC’s analysis editor looks at what we know about the Ukraine dam collapse at Nova Kakhovka.
Ukraine's president says hundreds of thousands have no access to drinking water after the dam disaster.
President Zelensky shared a video of the Kakhovka dam, in Kherson region, on his Telegram page.
The Duke of Sussex is claiming 33 articles by Mirror Group Newspapers were obtained through unlawful methods.
The former president says he has been summoned to appear in court in Miami on Tuesday.
The 15-year-old boy collided with a parked ambulance after he was followed by police traffic officers.
All four children are in hospital and officials have told the BBC they are in a stable condition.
The UK-US Atlantic Declaration "sets a new standard for economic cooperation", Rishi Sunak says.
High temperatures from Friday could affect all ages and impact the health service, a UK agency says.
Russian shelling kills at least one person as residents flee floods caused by the Ukraine dam breach.
Crowds in east London celebrate West Ham football club's first major trophy for 43 years.
Researchers say the nutrient may be an "elixir of life" but warn against buying it until more research is done.
A committee is deciding whether the former PM purposely misled Parliament over lockdown-breaking parties in Downing Street.
The bank said on Thursday it would temporarily pull new deals, indicating mortgage market pressures.
US President Joe Biden says the dense cloak of smoke is a "stark reminder" of climate change.
Jurors are allowed to fire in court an antique revolver used to allegedly murder Sgt Matiu Ratana.
The festival extends its "reduce, reuse, recycle" slogan to "environmentally hazardous" e-cigarettes..
A senior party source says no other members of the party's Senedd group will be standing.
Most of Friday's papers lead on a British child, 3, being among those stabbed in a park in France.
Kathleen Folbigg was convicted of killing her four infant children in a stunning miscarriage of justice.
After a day and a half in the witness box, how did Prince Harry handle his questioning in court?
Global temperatures and rain patterns are affected by a climate phenomenon known as El Niño/La Niña.
Some Khartoum residents have become accidental undertakers to stop corpses being left on the streets.
Rutvij failed to get into an elite Ivy League university. Was he a victim of discrimination?
Blind and visually impaired fans say the introduction by the ITV dating show is the "first step".
Men desperate to avoid serving in the army are crossing the mountainous Romanian border to escape.
Karolina Muchova, one of lowest-ranked players to reach the French Open women's final, saves a match point before beating second seed Aryna Sabalenka.
Storms, droughts and record high temperatures lie ahead as US scientists confirm El Niño has arrived.
Kerri-Anne Donaldson was part of the super-group Kings and Queens, who reached the 2014 semi-finals.
A former royal reporter says then-editor Piers Morgan took a "really genuine interest" in coverage.
The Sex and the City actress will star opposite her husband Matthew Broderick in Plaza Suite.
Stars are wishing the Strictly dancer well as she starts treatment for grade three breast cancer.
The nurse denies attacking a baby to gain the attention of a doctor she allegedly "had a crush on".
A paddleboarder helped three men drifting out to sea on the giant duck get back to shore.
The streets of east London were a sea of claret and blue on Thursday evening as thousands gathered for the West Ham trophy parade after their Europa Conference League victory.
In 2022, an injury-laden Karolina Muchova was told her tennis career could be over. Now she is in her first Grand Slam final.
Rory McIlroy says he and Justin Rose agreed not to speak about the shock three-way golf merger as they teed off in the first round of the Canadian Open.
Watch as Australia pick up the huge wicket of Virat Kohli for 14 thanks to an unplayable delivery from Mitchell Starc on day two of the World Test Championship final at The Oval.
Steve Smith warns England they have "not come up against us yet" after Australia's pace attack ripped through India on day two of the World Test Championship final.
Britain's Keely Hodgkinson says she is ready to begin her outdoor season with a "bang" at the Paris Diamond League on Friday.
From the streets of Argentina to the Premier League and World Cup glory - the story of Liverpool's new signing Alexis Mac Allister.
With toxic air quality in parts of North America likely to persist, here's what you can do to stay safe.
As wildfires rage in Canada, a view from one of the most polluted cities in the world.
Timelapse video of the city's skyline shows the air quality worsen in a matter of a few hours.
Smoke from wildfires has enveloped Toronto and New York. We look at the role of a changing climate.
The actress left the stage saying she had trouble breathing due to poor air caused by Canada fires.
Boris Johnson is to step down as an MP but insists that "I did not lie" over Covid lockdowns.
The ex-PM, with a life-long knack for throwing stones and grabbing attention, is doing just that.
Donald Trump is accused of keeping classified documents in a ballroom and bathroom at his Florida home.
It's been talked of for months, now it looks like Ukraine is finally launching its plan to recapture land.
Manchester City will look to win the Champions League and complete the Treble when they face Inter Milan in the final on Saturday.
Catholic pilgrim Henri said he simply followed his instincts when confronting the Annecy attacker.
Former Coronation Street actor Nikki Sanderson is accusing the publisher of breaching her privacy.
Leeds chairman Andrea Radrizzani agrees a deal to sell his stake in the club to co-owners 49ers Enterprises.
The former PM's close allies are given honours in a list published just before he resigned as an MP.
The English Spider-Man star says his "tough" latest project had left him feeling broken.
Saul Cookson died when his e-bike collided with an ambulance after he was followed by police.
NHS England says the drugs will only be prescribed for those signed up to a clinical research programme.
Lucy Letby is a "calculating woman" who lied "to try and get sympathy", a prosecutor tells her trial.
The former UK prime minister has resigned as a MP, saying there is no evidence that he misled Parliament.
The former prime minister has stepped down as an MP, but did he jump before he was pushed?
A look back on the former prime minister's political career as he announces as a resignation as an MP.
The former prime minister has resigned as the MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip.
MPs are investigating whether Mr Johnson was in contempt of Parliament.
Saturday's papers are dominated by Boris Johnson's resignation as an MP over a Partygate report.
Satellite images and before and after pictures show how smoke has shrouded the east coast of Canada and the US.
Writer Jack Thorne on the 'complexity' of his latest drama, Best Interests.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
What impact do high temperatures have on our bodies?
From motorcades to VVIP lounges, my trips abroad to report on Rishi Sunak's foreign visits aren't typical.
War Pony tells the story two Native American men trying to find their place in the modern world.
My Mum, Your Dad will air in Autumn on ITV and will feature single parents looking for love.
Electric bikes are increasingly popular - but users must obey strict safety rules to ride them legally.
UK shoppers are paying more for loo roll, butter and ketchup than some of our European neighbours, data suggests.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Twelve climbers have died and five remain missing, amid worries about overcrowding and climate change.
There's an economic elephant in the diplomatic corridors so big it has turned heads in boardrooms globally.
Kremlin critics like Oleg Orlov are facing jail terms for criticising Russia's war in Ukraine.
The star is swapping The Handmaid's Tale for a play about the England manager at the National Theatre.
A heat-health alert warning about the effect of high temperatures has been issued.
Superfan Bilal Rouabah went to Queen Bey's Renaissance World Tour five times in less than a month.
A couple in Los Angeles attempt to cash in dozens of bags filled with the coins found in a basement.
It's an uphill challenge, but there are plans to cut out all single-use plastics on Yr Wyddfa.
A text-based version of Instagram could potentially let users carry across followers from other apps.
A 14-year-old boy who died after collapsing at a school on Tuesday had an undiagnosed heart condition.
The truck driver got away in time and no injuries were reported.
Rachel Reeves says she cannot be "reckless" with spending and will ramp up investment to reach the figure by 2027.
This weekend will be 5C to 10C hotter than normal June weather, forecasters predict.
The non-binary singer's hedonistic new album is a celebration of black, queer pleasure.
The tax was introduced last year to help fund the government's scheme to lower energy bills.
Britain's Keely Hodgkinson makes a dominant start to her outdoor season by clocking a British record time to win the 800m at the Paris Diamond League.
Iga Swiatek takes on Karolina Muchova in Saturday's French Open final as she goes for a third title in four years in Paris.
Carlos Alcaraz says the tension of playing Novak Djokovic led to the full body cramps which ruined his chances in their French Open semi-final.
India give themselves a glimmer of hope with a stirring fightback against Australia on day three of the World Test Championship final.
Watch as Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson wins the 800m with a new national record of one minute 55.77 seconds at the Diamond League meeting in Paris.
BBC football expert Chris Sutton takes on Noel Gallagher and Blanco to predict whether Manchester City or Inter Milan will win the Champions League final.
Watch as Kenya's Faith Kipyegon breaks the 5,000m world record with an "unbelievable" time of 14 minutes 5.20 seconds at the Diamond League meeting in Paris.
This is what an AQI over 400 looks like, filmed from a boat on one of New York's Finger Lakes.
With crews on the ground working 14-hour days, Quebec is welcoming help from France and the US.
Smoke from wildfires has enveloped Toronto and New York. We look at the role of a changing climate.
Manchester City win their first Champions League title by beating Inter Milan in Istanbul to claim the Treble.
Boris Johnson quit as an MP, saying he was the victim of a "witch hunt" over Partygate report.
The children have begun playing again in hospital, officials say, as the eldest is praised for her care.
Rising mortgage rates are causing a headache for homeowners and buyers, so what is behind the maelstrom?
Ukraine's president refused to say which stage the counter-offensive against Russian forces was in.
City supporters in a Manchester fanzone voice their joy at their historic 1-0 win against Inter Milan.
Mr Trump spoke at a Republican convention, his first outing since his indictment were announced.
Novak Djokovic says he is relishing the chance to make tennis history as he aims to become the first man to win 23 Grand Slam singles titles.
The boy, 16, is charged following a violent assault on two teenagers and an adult at a boarding school.
Dragos Tigau made a racist comment at a meeting in April but has only now been disciplined.
Fire crews are tackling a blaze at Daviot, south of Inverness, on the hottest day of the year.
Sir Keir Starmer's call for a general election and fallout from Boris Johnson's resignation lead the papers.
Residents share memories of their city, before its destruction in Russia's full-scale invasion.
Quitting Parliament is entirely on brand and raises questions about his next move, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
It was one of the best-loved British films of the 1990s. A new series catches up with the characters.
Do you know your UVA from your UVB?
A short story from 1919 becomes a code word for discontent among jobless graduates.
The Russian and Ukrainian authorities blame each other for severe damage to the Kakhovka dam.
Fires in Quebec that blanketed cities in hazardous smoke have tested seasoned firefighters.
Manchester City's Champions League success was "written in the stars", says manager Pep Guardiola after his side seal the Treble in Istanbul.
Manchester City have taken a scenic and often desperately painful route to winning the Champions League but the journey reached its destination in Istanbul.
Christina Bravery defies the laws of physics for ultimate stone-skimming success.
Four children have been found alive, weeks after a plane crash in the Amazon jungle.
The Prince of Wales pays tributes to soldiers who fainted amid the intense heat in London.
The insect flies during late May and June and can only be found in the UK in the Norfolk Broads.
The soldier was taking part in a rehearsal ahead of next weekend's Trooping the Colour.
The famous loch along with the River Ness have hit record low water marks.
A parking firm has lost a case against a driver after she requested the details of a fine in Welsh.
The charity's founder says the US megastars have helped it "keep the lights on" during a tough time.
Clinton Blakey went on the run in 2020 after failing to turn up at Leeds Magistrates' Court.
The winner outran the fastest horse by over 10 minutes in the 22-mile race held in mid Wales.
Ellie Scotney becomes IBF super-bantamweight champion in just her seventh professional fight, while fellow Britons Sunny Edwards and Nina Hughes defend their world titles.
Australia are on course to be crowned world Test champions but must find a way past India's Virat Kohli if they are to win the final.
Moments after Iga Swiatek won her third French Open title, she lost grip on the trophy lid. But she showed still has control of the women;s game.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola feels their Champions League final win over Inter Milan was "written in the stars" after his side sealed the Treble in Istanbul.
Manchester City's Julian Alvarez becomes the first player to win the Champions League, league title and domestic cup and a World Cup in the same season.
Watch as Manchester City fans react to Rodri's winning goal which won them the Champions League and Treble.
Aston Villa agree a deal to sign Leicester midfielder Youri Tielemans on a free transfer.
Boris Johnson is to step down as an MP but insists that "I did not lie" over Covid lockdowns.
The villages in the Donetsk region would represent the first major gains of Kyiv's new advance.
Ms Sturgeon says she is "innocent of any wrongdoing" after being released while more inquiries are carried out.
Head teacher Ruth Perry took her own life after her school was downgraded.
Police say they have reason to believe 21-year-old Chloe Mitchell from Ballymena was murdered.
The youngsters defied the odds in a part of the Amazon rainforest home to jaguars and wild dogs.
The energy secretary dismisses Boris Johnson's claim that he was the victim of a "witch hunt".
Novak Djokovic says it is not down to him to decide if he is the greatest men's player of all time after winning a record 23rd Grand Slam title.
The girl's parents were also injured in the incident, which was reportedly after a dispute between neighbours.
Twelve other Britons were rescued after a fire on a boat which was on a cruise in the Egyptian Red Sea.
Music at the Parklife festival in Manchester was paused as a storm hit the area.
The bus was returning from a wedding in the Hunter Valley wine region when it overturned.
Nicola Sturgeon's arrest amid an SNP finances probe and British divers missing in Egypt lead the papers.
"Pre-loved" clothing is big business and it is not just about saving money and the planet.
Thousands gathered at live screenings where they watched the Blues secure the Treble.
Scotland's former first minister was questioned by police before being released without charge pending further investigations.
It appears to be the latest in a public falling out between the Wagner boss and Russian officials.
BBC Sport looks at the numbers behind Novak Djokovic's dominant professional career as he becomes the first man to win 23 Grand Slam titles.
Aerial images show the partial disintegration caused by an oil tanker fire underneath the I-95 highway.
A study into driverless cars has used a "ghost driver" to record other road user's responses.
The shortlist was drawn up following interviews by a selection panel at Conservative party headquarters.
When John Williams started out as a barman at Tŷ Brith six decades ago, a pint cost just 11p.
Danone's UK president wants the government to use tax incentives to promote healthier products.
Christina Bravery defies the laws of physics for ultimate stone-skimming success.
Some third-generation pigeon fanciers are picking up top awards and ensuring the future of racing.
The former US president appeared unfazed by his indictment at a party convention in North Carolina.
The World Test Championship final showed just why Australia will be formidable Ashes opponents, but also why England can beat them, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Britain's Andy Murray claims his first grass-court singles title for seven years with victory over Jurij Rodionov in the Surbiton Trophy final.
Mascots being punched is not "the brightest thing in the world", UFC boss Dana White says after Conor McGregor reportedly injured an NBA mascot in a promotional stunt.
Watch the best shots as Great Britain's Andy Murray beats Austria's Jurij Rodionov 6-3 6-2 to win the Surbiton Trophy singles title.
Manchester City are welcomed home by fans as they arrive back in the UK from Istanbul after winning the Champions League for the first time.
Novak Djokovic shows his greatness once again by beating Casper Ruud to win the French Open and claim a men's record 23rd Grand Slam title.
The Tour Feminin des Pyrenees in south-west France is called off abandoned by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) after two stages because of safety concerns.
More than £6m was paid out in compensation payments in the last 10 years, lawyers tell BBC News.
The NHS website's hay-fever advice pages received one visit every three seconds on Sunday.
Carla Foster, 44, pleaded guilty to procuring drugs to induce an abortion at 32-34 weeks.
Eleven-year-old Solaine Thornton was shot dead while playing on a swing in her garden on Saturday.
If Kyiv can split Russian troops in the south and hold ground, its push will have achieved its aims.
AI will either improve our lives enormously or destroy us all, the experts tell us - so how could we make it safe?
Manchester turns blue as Pep Guardiola and his players stage an open-top bus parade.
Boris Johnson says Rishi Sunak is "talking rubbish", in a row over the former PM's nominations.
Ethan John, 11, and his sister Elizabeth, seven, were found with significant injuries, said police.
Cars were seen ploughing through deep puddles as thunderstorms brought downpours to parts of the UK.
The former president prepares to be formally charged with illegally retaining classified documents.
Paris St-Germain are prepared to sell Kylian Mbappe this summer rather than risk losing him for free next summer, after he told the French club he will not renew his contract.
Police say he "had some explaining to do" after being caught driving at 121mph on the M4.
The fallout from Boris Johnson's sudden exit from Westminster continues to lead several of the front pages on Tuesday.
Watch the best bits from Manchester City's victory parade as the players and fans celebrate winning the Treble in Manchester City centre.
Palestinian millennials feel their leaders have failed them, data shared with the BBC suggests.
A media mogul and a populist politician, the former Italian PM had an outsized impact on his country.
The capital has experienced thunderstorms after a weekend of some of the hottest temperatures this year.
Lieutenant Dmitry Mishov packed a rucksack and headed through the woods to seek asylum in Lithuania.
Rock and metal groups predict what the next two decades might look like after Download Festival.
The Tony Awards, Broadway's biggest night, saw success for several British names on Sunday.
Charity worker Letisha Brown's Ford Fiesta was "cannibalised" after she parked in Birmingham.
The former Italian prime minister was speaking to the BBC's Sofia Bettiza in 2018.
Supported by a host of famous fans, the star played her first headline show in more than 20 years.
More than 2,000 staff said they will postpone industrial action on 24 and 25 June.
Former Coronation Street actress Nikki Sanderson is one of four people suing Mirror Group Newspapers.
The 100th anniversary of the first edition of the Le Mans 24 Hour race tapped into the event's glorious past. What it might mean for the next 100 years of motoring is just as profound.
Open champion Cameron Smith says he thought the proposed merger of the PGA Tour and Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund was "a joke" while US Open winner Matt Fitzpatrick says it is "confusing".
Everton announce chief executive Denise Barrett-Baxendale, chief finance and strategy officer Grant Ingles and non-executive director Graeme Sharp have left their roles.
Adam Hadwin is "among the land of the living and in true Canadian form, apologised to the security guard for being tackled", wrote his wife after the Canadian Open incident.
The US Senate says "serious questions" have been raised by the planned commercial merger of the PGA Tour, DP World Tour and Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund.
Heather Watson feels "a little bit hard done by" because of the effect not getting ranking points at Wimbledon last year has had on her.
Two 19-year-old university students and a man in his 50s were killed in van and knife attacks in the city on Tuesday morning.
Italians say goodbye to the four-time PM and ask who will lead his party and run his businesses.
NHS bosses worry as junior doctors in England stage a third walkout in their attempt to secure a 35% rise.
The UK may not have been well prepared "at all", says the lead lawyer for the Covid inquiry.
The inquiry says it is "dealing with" submissions from the former PM, as it prepares its findings.
The conduct of two officers in a police van before the fatal crash will be examined by the watchdog.
The Pulitzer Prize-winning author has died of natural causes aged 89, his publisher says.
The Lords votes through the new regulations, despite an attempt to block them by opposition peers.
The risk of dying from the disease has fallen in past 20 years thanks to new treatments, a study says.
The former cabinet minister is yet to officially resign as an MP, putting a vote to replace her on hold.
Malcolm Myers says rescue dog Buddy started digging to free him after he got trapped under a branch.
A heat-health alert has been extended until next week as 30.7C was recorded in Wales on Tuesday.
Phil Martin performed with Fender and AC/DC's Brian Johnson at a sold out St James' Park.
Wednesday's front pages are dominated by reports of the fatal attacks which unfolded in Nottingham.
Three people are dead and three more injured following a series of attacks in Nottingham city centre.
Gangs send videos of the abuse to hostages’ families demanding ransoms, a BBC investigation reveals.
The BBC reaches Neskuchne in Donetsk region, which saw heavy fighting before it was liberated.
Nine-year-old Alfie Steele died at the hands of his mother and her partner after years of abuse.
Comedian Jack Carroll tells Newsbeat about why he hopes his BBC Three short will make a difference.
Footage shows rescuers tending to the children after they survived 40 days in the Amazon.
A homelessness charity provides housing for young people with jobs but struggling with costs of rent.
Excavators say the discovery is incredibly rare and "completely unique".
The Dublin-born singer of Irish rock band Aslan has died at the age of 63, his family said.
Wages rise at their fastest rate in 20 years, excluding the pandemic, but still lag behind the cost of living.
The suspect is accused of targeting French HR managers he held responsible for wrecking his career.
Jemma and Sian Batchelor-Thomas were rescued by police when their coach broke down in Hedge End.
The Queens of the Stone Age frontman says he is "extremely thankful that I'll get through this".
World number two Jon Rahm says players are still in the dark about what the proposed PGA Tour merger with Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund will mean for them.
Andy Murray says there are "more important things than tennis" after three people were killed and another three injured in a series of attacks in Nottingham.
In 2005 a first series win over Australia in more than a generation propelled England's men to superstardom. England's women, having ended an even longer wait, were anonymous in their wake.
Kylian Mbappe will not be short of admirers when he leaves Paris St-Germain - but where could the 24-year-old realistically end up?
In his BBC Sport column, Steve Bunce says the past six months of heavyweight boxing has been a "pantomime" which is "seemingly endless and relentlessly boring".
Watch the best shots as Great Britain's Andy Murray beats Belgium's Joris de Loore 6-3 6-4 in the opening round of the Nottingham Open.
Paul Rendall dies at the age of 69 after being diagnosed with motor neurone disease last year.
The inquiry into the UK government's handling of the pandemic is holding its first public hearings.
A coalition of organisations says the official inquiry does not focus enough on the role of racism.
Fathers of two students killed in Nottingham stand united in grief, with David Webber telling mourners: "I've lost my baby boy."
Officials declare three days of mourning over 'one of Greece's biggest migrant tragedies'.
Boris Johnson stood down as an MP after seeing an advanced copy of the report.
Thousands of disabled people with over £6,000 stuck in savings also face cuts to their benefits.
Fiona Wightman, Paul Whitehouse's former spouse, says her phone was hacked by Mirror Group Newspapers.
The bus was travelling at 70mph on the M74 when it started swerving across two lanes of the motorway.
Nadine Dorries says her name was removed from Boris Johnson's resignation honours list.
Prof Yann LeCun says fears that AI will pose a threat to humanity are "preposterously ridiculous".
The frenzy stoked by the start of the singer's world tour is seen driving up prices in Sweden.
The man had earlier been pursued by officers after failing to stop a car he was driving, police say.
Daniel Perry faces second-degree manslaughter charge for killing street performer Jordan Neely.
Belarus's opposition leader says the West is silent over the transfer of weapons to Alexander Lukashenko.
A woman who died along with two other Britons would be "missed beyond words", her family says.
Agonising images from Nottingham, the cost of living and Partygate lead the front pages on Thursday.
Gangs send videos of the abuse to hostages’ families demanding ransoms, a BBC investigation reveals.
Survivors are marking the sixth anniversary of the fire in west London, which killed 72 people.
It's been incorrectly claimed that coal power had to be restarted because solar panels couldn't work in the heat.
Ukraine's long-awaited counter-offensive to retake territory from Russia's occupying forces has started
Gen Valery Zaluzhny is Ukraine's handpicked army boss and mastermind of the unlikely successes over Russia.
Rapper Tory Lanez will be sentenced in August for shooting Megan Thee Stallion in the feet.
AI is transforming modern life, but some experts fear it could be used for malicious purposes.
The iconic actress tells the magazine she "wouldn't want to be straight for anything".
The fire which began on 9 June and reignited four days later is creating plumes of smoke.
The first new polio vaccines in 50 years are less likely to mutate into a dangerous form that causes disease.
Chloe Mitchell's brother and sister have thanked the public for support as vigils are held in Ballymena and Belfast.
Italians say goodbye to the four-time PM and ask who will lead his party and run his businesses.
The pair are alleged to have used a cloned Clubcard app to scam Northern Ireland Tesco stores.
The number of a popular service to the coast is being changed after complaints were made.
Barbara Kingsolver's Demon Copperhead sees her become the first author to win the award twice.
The channel's executives are questioned by MPs over the former presenter's controversial departure.
England have preferred Stuart Broad over Mark Wood to join James Anderson and Ollie Robinson in their pace attack for the first Ashes Test.
The 2023-24 Premier League fixtures will be released at 09:00 BST on Thursday - find out how to follow your favourite team on BBC Sport.
Croatia are one win away from their first major title after two extra-time goals help them beat the Netherlands and earn a place in the Uefa Nations League final.
The BBC and ITV agree a deal with football's governing body Fifa to broadcast the Women's World Cup in the UK, five weeks before the tournament begins on 20 July.
A deep dive into where the 2023 Ashes will be won and lost, with the men's series starting on Friday at Edgbaston.
England and Australian players share the most epic sledges they have received during an Ashes Test.
England midfielder Jude Bellingham joining Real Madrid is in keeping with their strategy of buying the world's best young players, writes Andy West.
The fathers of Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar say their children loved life at Nottingham University.
Three people are dead and three more injured following a series of attacks in Nottingham.
Caretaker Ian Coates and students Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar were killed in the city.
Nottinghamshire's police chief explains how the attacks unfolded, that lead to three people dying.
University of Nottingham students Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Barnaby Webber, both 19, were killed.
A series of violent incidents which left three people dead triggered a major police investigation.
It is unclear whether Rishi Sunak will join the Commons vote on a report condemning Boris Johnson.
Survivors from a fishing boat that sank off Greece say as many as 750 people may have been on board.
Two 19-year-old students and a 65-year-old school caretaker were killed in the knife attacks.
Foxconn, which makes over half of the world’s Apple products, seeks its next big growth driver.
Man City ace Erling Haaland stunned an ice cream seller when he climbed onboard for a frozen treat.
The crash between a truck and a bus carrying elderly people sparks massive emergency response.
The actress and former MP had completed a film with Sir Michael before her death aged 87.
A doctor tells an inquiry infections at the Glasgow wards were like nothing he had seen before.
Scottish rivers have broken low water records while southern England benefitted from a wet spring.
The 30-year-old is suspected of killing a woman by throwing her from a hill near Neuschwanstein castle.
The intruder drank from a can of lager while he was pinned down in Durham.
The long-awaited inquiry into whether the ex-PM misled Parliament dominates the front pages on Friday.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
On the eve of the Ashes, England and Australia are set to write the latest chapter in sport's greatest love story, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Some workers are already finding that they have been replaced by artificial intelligence systems.
The BBC has spent months talking to three North Koreans about their lives behind the sealed border.
Oscar-winning actress and Labour politician - who had a withering contempt for Hollywood - dies at 87.
Fans paid between $400 and $680 but one told the BBC that "the ticket was definitely worth the price".
The current UK heatwave is not just affecting people's bodies, but also their electronics.
More than 100 people drowned when the wooden boat they were using to cross the River Niger capsized.
An American tourist came to a local woman's aid when the animal became aggressive at a sanctuary.
The restaurant apologises "for any offence" and says it is "dealing with this matter immediately".
National Grid says that the Russia-Ukraine war poses a risk to future energy supplies.
The graffiti artist's first solo exhibition for 14 years is being held at Glasgow's Gallery of Modern Art.
A project set up to save the critically endangered species has released 22 into the national park.
Greatest Days, named after one of the group's biggest hits, stars comic actress Aisling Bea.
Families say they may have to put their children in different schools after their council miscalculated numbers needed.
Adrian Kwiatkowski is told to pay the money, half of which is in bitcoin, after he was jailed.
'This is a sad day for Southern Baptists,' says Pastor Linda Barnes Popham of a now-expelled church.
Defender Gordon McQueen, who won 30 caps for Scotland and scored a famous goal against England at Wembley, dies at the age of 70.
The hedge fund will be dismantled after allegations emerged about its founder Crispin Odey.
Joselu scores a late winner as Spain beat Italy to set up a Nations League final against Croatia on Sunday.
Manchester City's Treble winners are available for England's opening Euro 2024 qualifier against Malta, says Three Lions boss Gareth Southgate.
Andy Murray reaches the Nottingham Open quarter-finals after Katie Boulter, Harriet Dart and Jodie Burrage make it a record-breaking day for British women.
Rickie Fowler and Xander Schauffele both shoot the lowest rounds in US Open history to lead the 123rd edition in Los Angeles.
Negotiations around the potential sale of Manchester United are still taking place with multiple parties.
Scotland, Manchester United and Leeds United defender Gordon McQueen suffered for his fine career, writes Tom English.
Champions Manchester City will kick off the new Premier League season on Friday, 11 August at promoted Burnley - managed by their former captain Vincent Kompany.
A report by MPs into whether the former prime minister misled Parliament has finally been published.
The former UK prime minister has been written off many times in a long and extraordinary political career.
Boris Johnson broke rules while we "said goodbye to loved ones over Zoom", say bereaved families.
After deciding to stand down as an MP, what will the former prime minister be entitled to?
The committee examined whether the former PM misled MPs about Downing Street parties during Covid.
Family members, local politicians and faith leaders were at the vigil in the city centre.
Caretaker Ian Coates and students Barnaby Webber and Grace O'Malley-Kumar were killed in the city.
England and Australia will pay tribute to the victims of the Nottingham attacks on day one of the first men's Ashes Test and sole women's Test.
Three people are dead and three more injured following a series of attacks in Nottingham.
Footage appears to show the suspect shortly before he allegedly killed a third person.
Fathers of two students killed in Nottingham stand united in grief, with David Webber telling mourners: "I've lost my baby boy."
The inquiry into the UK government's handling of the pandemic has held its first public hearings.
Explore the data on how the coronavirus pandemic unfolded in the UK.
Barnaby Webber, Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates were stabbed to death on Tuesday.
The horrific tragedy off Greece underlines the need to bring people smugglers to justice, the UN says.
Russia's leader says the move is to remind anyone "thinking of inflicting a strategic defeat on us".
Anna Wintour, Vicky McClure, Terry Waite and Martin Amis are among other big names on the list.
Vetting committee say the former prime minister should have cleared his new column with them first.
Daniel Ellsberg's 1971 leak exposed Vietnam War lies and got him branded America's "most dangerous man".
Wales suffer one of their most embarrassing and damaging defeats in recent memory as they lose 4-2 at home to Armenia in a chaotic Euro 2024 qualifier.
England continue their perfect record in Euro 2024 qualifying with a comfortable 3-0 win at Malta, with Trent Alexander-Arnold, Harry Kane and Callum Wilson on the scoresheet
Robert Bowers has been found guilty in the 2018 attack - the deadliest antisemitic attack in US history.
US media reports the team is worth an estimated $3bn (£2bn) but details of the deal are undisclosed.
The star ends a decade-long dry spell in the charts - but what does Padam Padam actually mean?
Simon Parry, 44, was arrested on Thursday following an incident with an unnamed MP in Westminster.
Saturday's front pages feature the King's birthday honours list and mortgage rate rises.
Sketching the former president under the greatest scrutiny possible. It's a tough job, so how do they do it?
The former PM's support in Parliament is shrinking, as MPs digest a damning report on his conduct.
Hosepipe bans are in place in Kent and Sussex, as well as parts of Cornwall and Devon.
The conductor popped the question to his partner Dina De Luca on stage at London's O2 Arena.
Brienz was evacuated last month when geologists warned the rockface above it was due to collapse.
The bugs are in their migratory phase and have taken over some houses and roads in Elko.
South East Water restricts usage as demand reaches "record levels" and thousands are without water.
Passengers on a flight to Israel reacted angrily after a member of cabin crew made the announcement.
Lenders have been increasing the cost of new fixed-rate deals rapidly during a tumultuous week.
Queen Camilla joins the Order of the Thistle, which can only be bestowed by the King.
There are no legal routes currently available to block the marriage, the Ministry of Justice said.
The couple's company and the streaming firm say the Duchess's series Archetypes has been cancelled.
The laws redefine rape and raise the age of consent from 13, after public anger over rape acquittals.
Watch as England's Harry Brook is bowled by Australia's Nathan Lyon for 32 after a "freakish dismissal" on day one of the first Ashes Test.
Man returns George Orwell's dystopian novel to library decades late because of its relevance today.
The actor star joins his Godfather II co-star Robert De Niro in becoming a dad again later in life.
Settlements around Birdoswald fort are being excavated in a major project.
The giant armoured creature, named Vectipelta barretti, dates back between 66 and 145 million years.
Foxconn, which makes over half of the world’s Apple products, seeks its next big growth driver.
The former UFC champion denies the allegations, which are being investigated by police in Miami.
European bee-eaters, rare to UK shores, are spotted at the same site where they bred last year.
The opening day of the Ashes was a clash of styles hinting at an instant classic of a series, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Trent Alexander-Arnold says playing in England's midfield "feels natural" after impressing there in 4-0 win against Malta.
Lewis Hamilton leads George Russell in a Mercedes one-two in Friday practice at the Canadian Grand Prix.
England stun Edgbaston by declaring against Australia after Joe Root's masterful unbeaten 118 on the first day of the Ashes.
Former England rugby union captain Sarah Hunter and ex-footballer Ian Wright are among the sports personalities named in the King's Birthday Honours list.
The resignation will leave Rishi Sunak potentially facing four by-elections in the coming months.
Schools in England face more disruption as the National Education Union announces fresh strikes.
Princes Louis and George and Princess Charlotte joined other royals to watch the flypast.
This is Charles's first Trooping the Colour, a ceremony that marks his official birthday, as king.
The footage was taken at a Christmas party in Conservative Party headquarters in December 2020.
The bodies in the west London property include those of an 11-year-old girl and a three-year-old boy.
Cyril Ramaphosa and other African leaders met the Ukrainian and Russian presidents in their peace bid.
Katie Boulter will play Jodie Burrage in the Nottingham Open final - the first all-British WTA final since 1977.
Same-sex relationships are not legally recognised in Poland and gay couples cannot adopt children.
The Take That singer apologises for liking "derogatory" posts on "the LGBTQIA+ community".
When it comes to Boris Johnson, Tory activists form three distinct groups, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
A yellow weather warning is issued, with parts of the UK set to see up to a month's rainfall in a few hours.
Sunday's front pages include a Father's Day picture of the Prince of Wales and his children.
The two rival superpowers are having their most important talks in years. Here are the points of tension.
Prince Louis salutes the crowd as he watches the flypast with Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
The 90s band perform hits including Common People on the third night of the five-day festival.
The end of the Duchess of Sussex's podcast on Spotify is a sign of wider change in the industry.
The strategy used to track down four children lost in the Colombian jungle, visualised.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
A group of women strip off for a session of sweating and soul-bearing in this candid documentary.
Saturday's front pages feature the King's birthday honours list and mortgage rate rises.
Attackers linked to the Islamic State group used machetes and burned a dormitory during the attack.
Hundreds of buildings in western France are declared uninhabitable following the rare earthquake.
Rishi Sunak says it would not be fair to restrict shoppers' options during a cost-of-living crisis.
Rising rates means those looking to remortgage will pay £2,900 a year more in 2024, a think tank says.
Valdo Calocane is remanded in custody over the deaths of Barnaby Webber, Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates.
Strictly dancer Amy Dowden has said she is beginning to "feel more positive" after having surgery for breast cancer.
Anna Wintour, Vicky McClure, Terry Waite and Martin Amis are among other big names on the list.
Russia's leader says the move is to remind anyone "thinking of inflicting a strategic defeat on us".
Louise Gray has raised thousands for a bereavement suite at the hospital where she lost her baby.
Peter Johnson, who was jailed for "rigging" interest rates, speaks publicly for the first time since being released in 2018.
Daniel Ellsberg, who exposed Vietnam War lies, only recently warned of the risks of new conflicts.
After two students were killed in Nottingham, others share their experiences of loss at university.
The US president makes the remark at the end of speech calling for tougher gun control measures.
Scotland fans have suffered too much to get ahead of themselves - but captain Andy Robertson says they simply "have to qualify" for Euro 2024 after a perfect start to Group A.
Watch highlights as England are frustrated by Usman Khawaja's unbeaten 126 and a series of missed chances on day two of the first Ashes Test.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen takes pole position in a wet qualifying session at the Canadian Grand Prix that produced a series of shocks.
Stuart Broad says there is "no excuse" for his no-ball that bowled Usman Khawaja, one of four England errors on the second day of the first Ashes Test.
Unlikely late goals from Lyndon Dykes and Kenny McLean maintain Scotland's perfect start to Euro 2024 qualifying as they stun Norway in Oslo.
Homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
The BBC finds evidence an overcrowded fishing vessel was not moving for at least seven hours before it capsized.
Met police say they are "considering" new footage of a Christmas party at Tory HQ in December 2020.
Mourners of those killed by Islamist militants describe their shock about the raid's brutality.
The ex-footballer finishes the challenge in 12 hours and 17 minutes as part of a six-person relay team.
The parents of a student killed with two others in Nottingham stabbings pay tribute at his cricket club.
A yellow weather warning is issued, with parts of the UK set to see up to a month's rainfall in a few hours.
The Ecuadorean woman died days after mourners at her funeral were shocked to find her alive in her coffin.
Secretary of State Antony Blinken is the first US diplomat to visit China in almost five years.
Italian authorities handed over the ancient tablet to Iraq after more than four decades.
Scotland's former first minister appears in public for the first time since her arrest a week ago.
Katie Boulter wins her first WTA title with a dominant victory in Nottingham over Jodie Burrage in the first all-British tour-level final in 46 years.
Officers got an "off-the-scale" shock when they spotted the large snake in Birmingham, police say.
Monday's papers focus on a looming interest rate hike to affect homeowners and the latest revelations about Partygate.
The world's biggest boyband have been feeling the love with millions celebrating their 10th birthday.
Over a dozen women are suing Texas after being denied abortions they say were medically necessary.
The documentary film My Blonde GF explores the trauma and impact of deepfake pornography.
After winning the Nottingham Open, Andy Murray is surprised to discover his children are in the crowd to support him on Father's Day.
The Prince of Wales has posed with his three children in a portrait released for Father's Day.
Neighbours alerted the couple that their home in Corringham was ablaze, the fire service says.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Michael Gove was asked about what whether any help would be given to those struggling with payments.
The housing secretary says a 90-day Commons suspension for the ex-PM is "not merited".
The actor is pleased to see "things have improved" for actors from underrepresented backgrounds.
England are hit by a one-two punch from Australia in a devastating 21-minute break in the rain that ruined the third day of the first Ashes Test.
Rickie Fowler and Wyndham Clark take a one-shot lead into the final round of the US Open with Rory McIlroy and Scottie Scheffler firmly in contention.
The Scottish Labour leader says his party still has work to do despite signs of improved fortunes.
Dani and Megen England say people can borrow a dress at no cost.
All passengers and crew on board have been accounted for and no casualties were reported.
England's Ollie Robinson says he does not care how his celebration for the wicket of Usman Khawaja was perceived in the Australia dressing room.
Watch highlights of day three of the Ashes 2023 as Australia lose their last four wickets for 14 runs in 21 balls and England lose two openers before the rain stops play.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen equals Ayrton Senna's career total of 41 victories with a dominant win at the Canadian Grand Prix.
Luke Shaw has been selling Manchester United to his England team-mates and would welcome Harry Kane and Declan Rice to the club "in a heartbeat".
England manager Gareth Southgate jokes his players will be "tapping up" team-mates while on international duty.
Croatia miss out on their first ever international trophy as they lose on penalties against Spain in the Nations League final in Rotterdam.
Watch some of the best shots as Katie Boulter beats British compatriot Jodie Burrage to win the Nottingham Open final.
Only seven MPs vote against the report which found the former PM deliberately misled Parliament.
Opposition parties will hope to exploit the failure of over 200 Tory MPs to condemn Boris Johnson.
Rescuers are searching for a submersible used to take tourists and experts to view the famous wreck.
Adventurer Hamish Harding is among five people missing on a submersible that was diving to the Titanic.
A year-long investigation uncovers a sadistic abuse network stretching from Indonesia to the US.
It was sent on behalf of Ben Mallet, a former aide to Boris Johnson, who was awarded an OBE last week.
A student tells the BBC he survived an attack by suspected Islamist rebels by pretending to be dead.
Basic items are to be discounted as retailers face pressure to help ease the cost of living.
Bukayo Saka scores the first hat-trick of his career as England make it four wins out of four Euro 2024 qualifiers by thrashing North Macedonia at Old Trafford.
David Cameron says "group think" meant government focused on flu pandemics, rather than other diseases.
More than 40 big European firms pledge to hire and train 250,000 Ukrainian and other refugees.
The officer and the man he was rescuing are swept through a drainpipe, and underneath a four-lane highway in Florida.
Alexei Navalny's trial was held miles from Moscow - a sign the authorities want to avoid publicity.
A top priest is in hiding following at a secret deal for part of the Old City's Armenian Quarter.
Airbus has been testing new automated technology that it says has the potential to improve flight safety.
Here's how people are marking the commemoration of the last enslaved black American being freed.
Sky Sports recently replaced 77-year-old Martin Tyler with Peter Drury as their lead commentator.
Vicky Pattison says she does not regret sharing her egg-freezing journey, despite negative messages.
The former professional footballer and reality TV star is attempting the world’s toughest survival race.
Parliament will censure Boris Johnson but moving on from the row is still proving tricky for the prime minister.
Humza Yousaf has announced proposals to create a "modern constitution for an independent Scotland".
The BBC finds evidence an overcrowded fishing vessel was not moving for at least seven hours before it capsized.
It is the first time since December that the rate has been as high as 6%, driving up costs for homeowners.
Elle Edwards, 26, was caught up in the crossfire of a gangland feud on Merseyside, a trial hears.
James White wore a Manchester United shirt with the number 97 and the words "Not Enough" on the back.
Scientists say water temperatures are as much as 3 to 4C above the average for this time of year in some areas.
She played Marjory Frobisher in the BBC comedy series, alongside Penelope Keith and Peter Bowles.
The pop star collapsed to the floor after being hit in the face during a concert in New York.
A plan to melt down the eagle from the Graf Spee and turn it into a statue of a dove is scrapped.
Artist Valda Jackson, who designed it, told BBC News the coin honours "our parents and their legacy".
Nine men have appeared in court in connection with last week's migrant boat disaster in Greece.
The scale of long-term use - and concerns about withdrawal symptoms - are revealed by BBC Panorama.
Edgbaston has served up more than its fair share of Ashes classics and the finale of this year's first Test could be another, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Bukayo Saka was the shining light in England's 7-0 Euro 2024 qualifying win over North Macedonia on Monday, but there are other stars in Gareth Southgate's squad who are vying for a starting spot.
Wales' hopes of reaching Euro 2024 suffer another huge blow as Turkey leave it late before winning 2-0.
Northern Ireland suffer a sorry, late 1-0 defeat by Kazakhstan in Belfast to leave their hopes of qualifying for Euro 2024 severely dented.
Stuart Broad's two wickets late on day four swings the pendulum of a first Ashes Test that is set for a classic finish at Edgbaston.
British number one Cameron Norrie begins his build-up to Wimbledon with a confident win at Queen's, while Ryan Peniston causes another shock.
England forward Chantelle Crowl says she was racially abused and physically assaulted by staff at a Spanish hotel while on holiday.
An adventurer and a British businessman travelling with his son are among those on the Titanic sub.
Andrew Tate and his brother charged in Romania over human trafficking and sexual exploitation.
Dame Sally Davies apologises to bereaved families and says the UK was poorly prepared for the pandemic.
Australia somehow prevail in another Edgbaston Ashes classic to beat England by two wickets and take a 1-0 lead in the series.
The pop star will bring her record-breaking tour to Edinburgh, Liverpool, Cardiff and London in 2024.
President Biden's son is set to plead guilty to tax crimes and admit owning a gun while a drug user.
Cyber criminals say they do not have data belonging to UK organisations thought to be victims of a mass hack.
A privacy trial judge says he may have to "make inferences" about journalists not appearing in court.
Labour plan to force the Kept Animals Bill, dropped by the government, back into Parliament.
Jeremy Hunt says help for mortgages would fuel further inflation but will meet lenders this week.
TikToker Orla Melissa Sloan used 21 different numbers to bombard Mason Mount with messages.
The hunt for the missing Titan submersible and calls for more support for homeowners lead the papers.
As the festival gates open, we look at the songs that could give us a "Glastonbury moment" this year.
Homeowners say they are scared for the future, with no end to the mortgage crisis in sight.
Bud Light has been widely criticised for its response to a boycott from some conservative Americans.
Food prices are growing faster in the UK than in Germany, Portugal or Sweden.
The Barmy Army almost broke Australia bowler Mitchell Johnson, but he returned to shock and awe England's batting line-up and claim his Ashes vengeance.
Stars from Hollywood, opera and pop are showcased at the V&A's latest blockbuster show in London.
The prime minister won't say whether he agrees that his predecessor deliberately misled Parliament.
A student tells the BBC he survived an attack by suspected Islamist rebels by pretending to be dead.
The face of a 16-year-old girl who died more than 1,300 years ago is revealed.
It's been a part of some of the biggest events for almost ten years - but could it be under threat?
The Prince of Wales drops in on the Lionesses ahead of their World Cup campaign.
Football union Fifpro reveals "shocking" lack of pay and medical supervision in qualifying rounds.
Eugene Amo-Dadzie, who only took up athletics aged 26, is now fourth on the all-time British 100m list despite being a full-time accountant with no funding.
People with disabilities will get a one-off £150 payment from Department for Work and Pensions.
The star, who is playing what could be his final UK show, promises big surprises at Glastonbury.
Tenants are spending 28% of their earnings on rent, the biggest proportion for a decade, new figures show.
French officials say the searches are part of two earlier preliminary corruption investigations.
Lorna Slater tells the Holyrood chamber it is a "disaster" for staff at Circularity Scotland.
The former first minister was released without charge amid a Police Scotland probe into SNP finances.
A senior Tory MP says ex-mayoral candidate Shaun Bailey should consider turning down honour over party.
The teenagers were passengers in a BMW when it crashed into a tree just after midnight on Tuesday.
John Nicolson "liked" tweets describing Ms Dorries as "grotesque" and a "vacuous goon".
A wave of air attacks is reported on Kyiv and other cities - but no-one is injured, officials say.
Only seven MPs vote against the report which found the former PM deliberately misled Parliament.
People are thinking more about what they eat and how they cook, research shows.
Christopher Nkunku, who scored 16 goals in 25 games for RP Leipzig in the Bundesliga last season, agrees a six-year deal at Stamford Bridge.
St Joseph's Catholic School says it is "deeply saddened" by the death of one of its pupils.
Those prone to napping had brains that looked up to six years younger than everyone else.
Pat Cummins proved himself to be 'The Boss' in an Edgbaston Ashes clash for the ages, but England can still turn the series around, says Stephan Shemilt.
Australia prevail in another Edgbaston Ashes classic to beat England by two wickets and take a 1-0 lead in the series.
A 90-minute rain delay is not enough to knock swaggering Scotland off their stride towards Euro 2024 as Georgia are swept away at Hampden.
Andy Murray's return to Queen's falls flat as his 10-match winning streak on the British grass courts is ended by Australia's Alex de Minaur.
Chelsea and France midfielder N'Golo Kante agrees to join Saudi Arabian champions Al-Ittihad.
Paddington wins the Prince of Wales's Stakes to give trainer Aidan O'Brien a record 83rd victory at Royal Ascot, as Hollie Doyle triumphs on Bradsell in the King's Stand Stakes
British number one Katie Boulter suffers a first-round defeat at the Birmingham Classic, two days after winning her first WTA Tour title.
The world's only privately owned manned submersible has a unique design and some surprising features.
Rescue teams are in a race against time as they battle poor visibility in a huge search area.
David Mearns knows two of the five people on board the Titanic tourist sub, which went missing on Sunday.
The BBC's Nadine Yousif is in Newfoundland where the expedition to the Titanic began.
Ex-BBC journalist Mike McKimm recalls losing power on a submersible while visiting Titanic wreck 13 years ago.
With a massive search under way, what do we know about the Titanic submersible that has gone missing?
The US and Canada are urgently searching for a tourist submersible not seen since Sunday.
Filmed in 2022, OceanGate's boss Stockton Rush gave a glimpse into the small vessel that travels to the Titanic wreck.
Two people who have been on the Titan sub say it will be challenging for rescuers to find it in time.
A submersible that takes tourists to the Titanic shipwreck is missing off the North American coast in the Atlantic.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
A former employee warned of potential safety problems with the OceanGate vessel in 2018.
Some in government want to ease impact of inflation but others are exasperated with "knee-jerk" interventions.
Analysts expect the base rate to go up from 4.5% to 4.75%, to tackle rising prices.
Four of the injured are in a critical state after the blast in the historic Latin Quarter, police say.
Iain Hughes, 42, has not been seen after starting the swimming challenge on Tuesday.
The US has sued Amazon for allegedly manipulating customers during the Prime sign-up process.
One victim sustained life-threatening injuries while the arrested person has "self-inflicted" wounds.
Shadow Chancellor Rachel Reeves sets out Labour's response to the crisis facing many mortgage payers.
Councils warn getting rid of fees to dispose of DIY material will see costs passed on to households in other ways.
They were dismissed by a council of senior bishops after two members said their work was obstructed.
Ex-Brookside star Louis Emerick "utterly and deeply regrets his error", his defence says.
One of Lucy Letby's favourite ways of harming babies was by injecting air, a prosecutor tells a jury.
Investors are now questioning whether the Bank is in full command over soaring prices.
Kristin Hawkins has relentlessly pursued one goal - to make abortion unthinkable and unavailable.
Steve Rosenberg looks at how discussion of the use of nuclear weapons has crept into Russian media.
Fifty years ago two Britons spent three days trapped in a submersible at the bottom of the seabed while a dramatic rescue operation was under way.
Many migrants leave from Tunisia by boat to reach Europe, but the consequences can be tragic.
Experts believe 'boycott fever' will grip the US ahead of the 2024 presidential elections.
Co-organiser Emily Eavis opens the gates to thousands of people ready for a long weekend of music.
If it is a single player their win would eclipse the wealth of England and Spurs star Harry Kane.
A 76-year-old was lifted with a rope after falling on to a slope in a garden patio in Hampshire.
Elliot Page, star of Juno and The Umbrella Academy, on transition, Hollywood, and the future.
The Manchester-based fashion retailer says its model fell within the NHS standard of a healthy weight.
Hatters fan Micky Hyde fulfils a promise made to his late father 20 years ago.
A woman is told she's live on the BBC as she enters the festival site and can't stop laughing.
The 44-year-old DJ has spoken openly about her treatment for bowel cancer in the last few years.
Speaking to the BBC, Ukraine's leader stresses that the counter-offensive is not a Hollywood movie.
The pop star will bring her record-breaking tour to Edinburgh, Liverpool, Cardiff and London in 2024.
Hundreds of the Windrush generation were victims of a "historic injustice" - some torn from their families.
Some 10,000 people gather at the ancient site to mark the start of the longest day of the year.
Tommy the tortoise crosses busy roads, a town centre and even a bridge in bid for freedom
Australia are a dominant force in women's cricket, but they and England are facing a step into the unknown when the Women's Ashes begins on Thursday.
Manchester City captain Ilkay Gundogan will join Barcelona on a free transfer when his contract expires at the end of this month.
Len Bias turned from feel-good story to cautionary tale in the space of two fateful days in 1986. The young basketball player's death set in train two imponderable questions that sparked fascination and fear.
Chelsea forward Kai Havertz is set to move to Premier League rivals Arsenal after the two clubs agree on a fee of around £65m.
Coach Brendon McCullum says England will go "harder" at Australia after their agonising two-wicket defeat in the first Ashes Test at Edgbaston.
Frankie Dettori claims a winner at his final Royal Ascot meeting as he takes the Queen's Vase aboard Gregory.
BBC Sport looks at the good and the bad moments from England's wicketkeeper-batsman Jonny Bairstow during his side's first Test defeat by Australia in the Ashes.
More boats and underwater vehicles will join the search as the US navy helps analyse detected noises.
With oxygen supplies dwindling - under 24 hours' worth remains - the next few hours are critical.
A massive international search effort is under way for the missing vessel as time starts running out.
An adventurer and a British businessman travelling with his son are among those on the Titanic sub.
The search, the theories, the people on board - everything you need to know about the operation in the Atlantic Ocean.
Maps and graphics showing how rescue teams are racing against time as they scour a huge search area.
Michael Guillen relives his near-death experience in a submersible on a dive to the Titanic in 2000.
The world's only privately owned manned submersible has a unique design and some surprising features.
David Mearns knows two of the five people on board the Titanic tourist sub, which went missing on Sunday.
Coast guard vessels are being sent to the Canadian east coast city, which is 600km from the Titanic wreck.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
The Coast Guard says the wreckage of the Titan sub is consistent with a "catastrophic implosion".
"If we don't raise rates now, it could be worse later," Bank of England boss warns as it raises rates again.
The bridge linking the peninsula to Kherson in the south was hit by British missiles, say officials.
The RMT says 20,000 members will walk out on 20, 22 and 29 July as part of a long-running dispute.
The annual pilgrimage to Worthy Farm just keeps getting better, festival regulars say.
Ian 'H' Watkins says a clause in the contract said there was to be no mention of sexuality.
The Church of England says relations broke down with a panel overseeing how it deals with abuse.
It comes after parliament passed a bill requiring tech giants to compensate publishers for news.
Forces say update that lets button pushes trigger calls is bombarding operators with "silent" calls.
Culture minister Lord Parkinson announced changes to the bill to give coroners new powers.
Around 90 people were treated for non-life-threatening injuries and the concert near Denver was cancelled.
A South African woman tells a Lords committee about "shocking" working conditions on English farms.
Sir Chris laments treatment as he gives evidence to Covid Inquiry on pandemic preparedness.
James Cameron, who did 33 dives to Titanic's wreck, tells BBC he suspected immediately the sub was lost.
The US Coast Guard are said to have used the information to narrow the search area.
Over the years, the explorer spoke of his love for the sea. He was one of five killed on board the Titan submersible.
An adventurer and a British businessman travelling with his son were among those on the Titanic sub.
After days searching for the missing OceanGate submersible, officials announced a tragic discovery on Thursday.
The US Coast Guard says a debris field it found in the North Atlantic suggests the vessel imploded.
Underwater search expert David Mearns reflects on the loss of five people aboard the Titan submersible.
The US Coast Guard says condolences have been sent to the families of the passengers.
Alan Estrada was on board the Titan last year when it lost communications at a depth of 1,000m.
Kristan Hawkins has relentlessly pursued one goal - to make abortion unthinkable and unavailable.
The Windrush generation shaped modern Britain, so what does its 75th anniversary mean to them?
There are some short-term levers the government could pull but they all involve tough political choices.
Four people explain how rising interest rates are affecting their lives.
Train drivers walk out on Saturday, after a week of stoppages by both Aslef and the RMT.
Following the destruction of the Kakhovka dam, BBC analysis reveals the changes in the surrounding area.
It is 75 years since a ship from the Caribbean to the UK became a symbol of a mass-migration movement.
The Western Africa-Atlantic migration route is considered one of the world's deadliest.
Up to 600 people are feared dead after the migrant boat disaster off Greece - many from Egypt and Pakistan.
One victim's injuries are serious, while the suspected attacker is taken from hospital into custody.
Actress Michelle Collins will soon be followed back on the show by on screen ex-husband Ian Beale.
The Prince of Wales pays tribute to the Windrush generation on the 75th anniversary of the first crossing.
The Love Islander leaves her creative director role at PrettyLittleThing to focus on her daughter.
The bosses of some large UK festivals say they will be checking drugs, but smaller events aren't sure.
An 18-year-old is found guilty of murder after stabbing a schoolboy at a Glasgow railway station.
One of the most iconic figures in the Scottish independence movement has died, her family confirms.
The horse fell into the pool in Paso County after being spooked by another horse.
Pregnant Fawziyah Javed secretly recorded her husband's threats - but he murdered her before she could leave.
Caerwyn Ash is found guilty of possessing indecent images and videos of the most serious category.
Earlier this month, Meta showed staff plans for a text-based social network designed to compete with Twitter.
The arrest of a man over "suspicious chemicals" found at a house is not terror-related, a force says.
England must win the Ashes and establish their attacking style for the series to be considered a success, says Ebony Rainford-Brent.
England open their European Under-21 Championship campaign with victory over the Czech Republic.
The International Olympic Committee votes to strip the International Boxing Association of its status as the sport's world governing body.
Watch highlights as Sophie Ecclestone takes three wickets to lead England's fight back, while Australia's Ellyse Perry reached 99 on day one of the Women's Ashes Test at Trent Bridge.
Desert Hero delivers King Charles his first winner at Royal Ascot with victory in the King George V Stakes, as Frankie Dettori claims a ninth Gold Cup triumph.
Hull FC produce a superb performance to comprehensively beat St Helens in the Super League.
Venus Williams' short but unexpected run at the Birmingham Classic comes to an end with defeat by second seed Jelena Ostapenko in a three-set thriller.
With interest rates rapidly rising, what do experts say about coping with costs?
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
Warnings over the sub's safety were dismissed by OceanGate's CEO, emails seen by the BBC show.
The US rock band emerged on Friday tea time to play a surprise set on the Pyramid Stage.
Festival-goers party in the sun as Arctic Monkeys, Foo Fighters, Texas and more fill Worthy Farm with Friday fun.
Officials are said to have ignored an offer to send a plane to monitor the boat that later sank.
The department is accused of leaving people homeless by outbidding councils for accommodation.
The gang sent people fake court summonses, accusing them of viewing images of children being sexually abused.
Louis De Zoysa shot Sgt Matiu Ratana with an antique gun while in custody in south London.
Scotland Yard says Ernest Moret will face no further action over his arrest in April.
Marius Mihai Draghici pleads guilty after migrants were found in a lorry in 2019.
Paris Mayo was 15 when she delivered her son Stanley alone in her family home in Ross-on-Wye.
The health-giving mineral waters at Pittville Pump Room in Cheltenham were first discovered in 1716.
Saturday's front pages also cover tributes to the British nationals killed on a Titanic tourist sub.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
A survivor of two boat sinkings tells his story in the deadliest year for migrants in the Americas.
After a police chief's retirement u-turn, the BBC asks others what early retirement is like.
Some Green councillors are against solar projects, which sits uneasily with the party's national policy.
Sgt Matiu Ratana was shot dead after Louis De Zoysa smuggled a gun into a police custody centre.
Residents of a Ukrainian town devastated by floods when a dam collapsed describe life without water.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
London College of Communication's MA documentary photography and photojournalism course graduates' work.
Now teaching IT in Kilkeel, bassist Tim Brown is scratching an itch to be back on stage with his band.
The seventh film in the franchise, Dead Reckoning - Part One, sees him reprise his role as Ethan Hunt.
Could a cyber-attack on a Russian technology company provide a rare insight into a Western hack?
Videos of killer whales seeming to attack boats at sea have gone viral - but what's behind the clips?
The Cornfield which is owned by the National Gallery is on show at a shopping centre in Jarrow.
Retail sales rose 0.3% last month as shoppers bought summer clothes and goods, official figures show.
The announcement comes as the global toy industry faces a slowdown in demand.
Many people are using AI like ChatGPT to improve their language skills but learning that way has drawbacks.
The walkout in England, beginning at 07:00 on July 13, will last for five consecutive days.
Matteo Bottarelli, 43, appears in court charged with three counts of attempted murder.
David Warburton, who was accused of sexual misconduct, says its influence has created an "unfair" situation.
The Greater London Authority had planned to raise the flag in "solidarity" with EU residents.
Louie Morgan-Kemp, from Cambridgeshire, has been fundraising for £13,000 for the prosthetic limb.
Australia has withdrawn the lease on the site for a new embassy near the parliament for fear of spying.
The company says it will work with pupils in Skegness, Coventry, Peterborough, Corby and Hartlepool.
Sophie Ecclestone shone once again for England on day two of the one-off Ashes Test, but their generational talent must be protected.
Wolves sell captain Ruben Neves to Saudi Arabia's Al-Hilal for a club record £47m.
Newcastle United are close to signing Italy midfielder Sandro Tonali from Serie A side AC Milan.
Watch highlights from day two of the Women's Ashes 2023 as England bowl Australia out for 473 and England's Tammy Beaumont makes her first Test century off 152 balls.
Manchester United have a third bid for Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, worth about £55m, rejected.
British number one Cameron Norrie's run at Queen's ends with a disappointing quarter-final defeat by American Sebastian Korda.
Leeds Rhinos end their three-match Super League losing streak by thrashing Huddersfield Giants on an emotional night at Headingley.
Gathering as much debris as possible is essential to working out what happened to the sub.
The Titan submersible suffered a violent collapse inwards deep underwater in the North Atlantic.
The focus will now be turned towards understanding what caused the submersible's dive to go wrong.
An adventurer and a British businessman travelling with his son were among those on the Titanic sub.
Five people died after OceanGate's Titan sub imploded during a trip to the Titanic wreck this week.
James Cameron, who did 33 submersible dives to Titanic's wreck, says the Titan sub's design was risky.
The explorer spoke of his love for the seas and of the need to take risks to drive innovation.
The BBC's Jonathan Amos evaluates what parts of the Titan submersible have been found deep at sea.
The star, who is playing what could be his final UK show, promises big surprises at Glastonbury.
The pop star says she hopes to drift off and spend time people watching after her festival debut.
Teenager Eli Crossley is playing Glastonbury after a BBC video on his health condition went viral.
Andy Bennett takes us through the things you might miss at Glastonbury.
Wagner's mercenary boss threatened an armed rebellion but pulled back from marching on Moscow.
The hard rock band play a long, but rewarding headline set, while Lana Del Rey is cruelly cut short.
Canadian investigators in Newfoundland are looking for clues as to what caused the sub's implosion.
The UK prime minister is watching events closely, as the government holds an emergency planning meeting.
The British-Iranian national says civil unrest in Iran has made readjusting to the UK difficult.
Yevgeny Prigozhin agrees to stop his troops' march on Moscow and move to Belarus, in a sudden climb down.
South East Water claims shortages are partly down to more people working from home.
The SNP leader says if his party wins a majority of general election seats he will call for the legal means to hold a democratic referendum.
Adam Chadwick's parents are still none the wiser on why their son was gunned down 15 years ago.
She was the first female general secretary of the party and played a major role in two election wins.
John McKenna, who played for Scotby FC, died after apparently falling from his hotel balcony.
Scotland's Andy Butchart, 31, finished a 5k in Silverknowes, Edinburgh in a blistering 13:45.
Sunday's front pages react to an extraordinary 24 hours which saw the Wagner group revolt in Russia.
The BBC speaks to prisoners, including an artist whose smuggled sketches record horror inside Myanmar's Insein jail.
The actress and Strictly star, who is deaf, believes tuition should be a right, not a privilege.
The coastline is seeing a boom in the number of people hunting bioluminescent plankton at night.
The US and UK are trying to crack down on firms tricking customers into renewing their subscription.
George Orwell's satirical novel has such resonance it has been translated into the local Shona language.
After a Supreme Court ruling, many states banned abortion - but now more Americans want it kept legal.
Rival forces have a stronger presence in the capital, despite the fact that the army is much bigger.
North America's fourth-largest city has a historic number of candidates in its upcoming by-election.
Claudine Van Den Bergh Cooke, from Dublin, is hanging up her headdress to become a solicitor.
Steps to fund the UK's hydrogen industry will not be tied to energy bills, the Energy Security Minister says.
Beth McCafferty, 14, voices the hero of the first animated movie produced in Northern Ireland.
Festival-goers party in the sun as Arctic Monkeys, Foo Fighters, Texas and more fill Worthy Farm with Friday fun.
England let two chances to pounce on Australia pass them by - and must now put their attacking mindset to the ultimate test.
Gloucester-Hartpury beat Exeter Chiefs in the Premier 15s final at 'Queensholm' Stadium to win their first league title.
Watch highlights as Australian openers Beth Mooney and Phoebe Litchfield give their side the advantage after Tammy Beaumont hit a record-breaking double century on day three of the Women's Ashes Test at Trent Bridge.
Zharnel Hughes breaks Linford Christie's British men's 100m record, which had stood for 30 years, by clocking 9.83 seconds in New York.
Former Belgium, Coventry and Wolves striker Cedric Roussel dies aged 45.
Carlos Alcaraz will face Alex de Minaur in the Queen's final for the chance to win a first grass title and return to world number one.
Issy Boffey takes second in the women's 800m but Great Britain will begin the final day of the European Athletics Team Championships fourth overall.
Guns N' Roses, Lizzo and Lewis Capaldi are among the stars to have taken to the stage at Worthy Farm.
After suffering vocal problems, the Scottish star suggests he might have to take an extended break.
The pop star draws a huge crowd to the Pyramid Stage, for a midday singalong to his greatest hits.
The rock band battle through illness to play their headline slot, but the set divides the audience.
As the festival gates open, we look at the songs that could give us a "Glastonbury moment" this year.
The US rock band emerged on Friday tea time to play a surprise set on the Pyramid Stage.
Teenager Eli Crossley is playing Glastonbury after a BBC video on his health condition went viral.
In her first interview, Christine Dawood told the BBC she lost hope when the 96-hour mark passed.
Vladimir Putin's mixed messages on the Wagner mutiny have been raising eyebrows and changing perceptions of him.
Fans flock to the Pyramid Stage to watch Elton John play the last UK show of his farewell tour.
Elton John, Lil Nas X, and Blondie among the stars to have performed on the final day.
People in UK less likely to survive treatable conditions than in other rich nations, study suggests.
The Prince of Wales launches a five-year project to cut homelessness and change public attitudes.
The high-level investigation has the power to recommend civil or criminal charges.
Kyriakos Mitsotakis says his party is now the most powerful centre-right party in Europe.
Sarah Ferguson's doctors have told her that the prognosis is good, her spokesman says.
The joint hottest day of the year so far was recorded on Sunday but the week ahead looks cooler for most.
Two teenagers were airlifted to hospital shortly after 19:30 BST on Saturday, police say.
BT says a backup service is available and people should call 999 as usual.
Avon and Somerset Police say they are not treating the death of a man in his 40s as suspicious.
Monday's papers feature the Duchess of York's breast cancer diagnosis and tributes to Sir Elton John.
Stockton Rush wanted to be known as an innovator. It didn't seem to matter how he did it.
Gracie Nuttall's sister Laura was just 23 when she died from an aggressive form of brain cancer.
Netflix series Scoop tells the story of a journalist's murder and the wrongful confinement of another.
Biased jurors must be weeded out in a state where Mr Trump receives both strong support and disdain.
The coastline is seeing a boom in the number of people hunting bioluminescent plankton at night.
The SNP leader puts an ambiguous stamp on the party's latest Scottish independence planning.
Teams competing in the gruelling six-month, 60,000km Ocean Race are also doing their bit for climate research.
Wine recommendation apps are now using AI to help better match people with a bottle they will like.
Ian Coates was a keen fisherman who was preparing to spend more time on his hobby in retirement.
A five-year-old boy is flown by air ambulance from Padstow to hospital, but dies later.
The 65-year-old disappeared in mountains north of Los Angeles after hiking in bad weather in January.
Following the withdrawal of a team-mate Belgian shot putter Jolien Boumkwo competes in the 100m women's hurdles to gain important points for her nation at the European Athletics Team Championships.
Emails reveal behind-the scenes discussions involving ministers and officials at the start of the procurement.
Thomas, 16, was "devastated" before his family spotted Bentley driver Nav Nasir in traffic.
A revamp of Leominster town centre is expected to start at the end of the year, the town council says.
Football stars Mark Hateley and Peter Reid were among those at a football game in Lee Rigby's honour.
One of these homes will be revealed as winner of Scotland's Home of the Year on Monday.
Irish police found an exhausted Woody lying across a pavement in County Tipperary last year.
Australia demonstrated why they are the best team in women's cricket on day four of the Ashes Test, but England have a fighting chance on the final day.
Chelsea's Senegal centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly joins Saudi Pro League side Al-Hilal.
After Carlos Alcaraz takes the title at Queen's in only his 11th match on grass, could the young Spaniard go on to win Wimbledon?
Watch highlights as Australia remain in control over England as 15 wickets fall on day four of the Ashes Test at Trent Bridge.
It was honours even at London Stadium this weekend as Major League Baseball made its long-awaited return to the UK.
Sprinter Zharnel Hughes says he predicted that he would break Linford Christie's 30-year British men's 100m record after clocking 9.83 seconds in New York.
England qualify for the quarter-finals of the European Under-21 Championship with a comfortable win over Israel in Georgia.
The Wagner mutiny was years in the making, as Russia's system of competing powers finally collapsed.
The BBC’s Analysis Editor Ros Atkins looks at what the consequences are of the failed Wagner mutiny.
What happens to Wagner? What will Putin do next? And how will it affect war in Ukraine? Key questions answered.
Russia's president relies on a small but deeply loyal group of people when he makes key decisions.
Top US diplomat Antony Blinken says an attempted rebellion was a "direct challenge" to President Putin.
The US secretary of state calls the actions of the mercenary group a "direct challenge to Putin's authority".
The folk star plays a laid-back, hit-heavy set in the coveted Sunday afternoon "legend slot".
The singer fans the flames of rumours her old group could be next in line for the legends slot.
Fans woke up at the crack of dawn to ensure they could be in the front row when the star plays.
The South London rapper talks us through his powerful and personal set on The Other Stage.
After suffering vocal problems, the Scottish star suggests he might have to take an extended break.
The rock band battle through illness to play their headline slot, but the set divides the audience.
Racism, sexism, classism and elitism are "widespread" in English and Welsh cricket, according to a long-awaited independent report.
Parents still spending "exorbitant" sums on uniforms despite rules meant to cut costs, says charity.
Russia's president says the organisers of the march on Moscow will be "brought to justice".
Daisy Goodwin says Daniel Korski put his hand on her breast during a meeting.
Grocery bosses will face MPs on Tuesday but there are signs food price rises are slowing.
Labour's plan to end North Sea exploration and the government's tax policy both come under fire.
There is not yet enough evidence to justify the cost on the NHS in England, says NICE.
A report finds the estimated savings of removing a migrant to a "safe country" such as Rwanda are uncertain.
Paris Mayo was 15 when she gave birth to Stanley after concealing her pregnancy from her family.
They caused hundreds of thousands of pounds of damage when they broke into an electronics factory.
The mother-of-two went missing on a dog walk in Lancashire, prompting a major police search.
The winner of this year's BBC Scotland series was selected ahead of five other regional finalists.
The dramatic moment a horse stranded down a four metre-deep Italian pit is hauled free by helicopter.
A speech by Vladimir Putin and new criticism of the Met over the Stephen Lawrence case lead the papers.
"Absolutely horrific" stories found by damning report into discrimination in cricket show game's culture is "rotten", says report chair.
Wagner troops fume at their leader's decision to halt his march on Moscow in furious online posts.
Security flaws in two surveillance camera brands used around the world have been identified by Panorama.
From Lana Del Rey's disaster, to Elton John's triumph and everything between, this was Glasto 2023.
Christine Dawood told the BBC she lost hope of her son being found alive when the 96-hour mark passed.
A trio of entrepreneurs have raised over £5m to invest in 30 British black-led start-ups by 2026.
Stockton Rush wanted to be known as an innovator. It didn't seem to matter how he did it.
The museum features over 2,000 objects, the oldest dating from 2300BC, across three new galleries
BBC Panorama worked with an artificial intelligence company to sift through millions of satellite pictures.
John Goodenough won the Nobel Prize in chemistry at the age of 97 for his revolutionary work.
The struggling cinema chain is undergoing a restructuring as it tries to escape huge debts.
Scotland's longest-serving manager Craig Brown has died at the age of 82.
The Migos rappers return to the stage to pay tribute to their late bandmate at the BET Awards.
A man is being questioned by police on suspicion of murdering 31-year-old Sarah Henshaw.
Peter Gregory, known as "Pilot Pete", died after his hot air balloon fell to the ground.
British sprinter Zharnel Hughes says "the sky is the limit" after breaking the 30-year British men's 100m record, with his next target a podium place at the World Championships.
Drone footage shows a humpback whale swimming alongside a kayaker near Bondi Beach in Australia.
Australia beat England by 89 runs to win the one-off Ashes Test match and take a 4-0 points lead in the multi-format series.
Mr Obama said last week that India may "start pulling apart" if minority rights weren't protected.
Roy Hodgson agrees to stay on as Crystal Palace manager next season and will sign a new deal when he returns from holiday.
Watch Taro Daniel and Marco Trungelliti dive & slide in an epic rally at Wimbledon Qualifying.
Head coach Jon Lewis urges England to "go harder" at Australia following their defeat in the one-off Ashes Test.
The Great Britain team enjoy their best day yet at the 2023 European Games with three gold medals and two bronze in Poland.
Manchester City are working to sign RB Leipzig centre-back Josko Gvardiol - but the German club will demand at least 100m euros for the Croat.
Man City move for Declan Rice, Tottenham to make first bid for James Maddison, Liverpool, Man Utd and Newcastle keen on Victor Osimhen, plus more.
Former Scotland manager Craig Brown was affable and gregarious but that hid a ferocious competitor with an impressive track record.
Yevgeny Prigozhin, who led a Russian mutiny, arrives in Belarus and his men are offered a military base.
BBC uncovers more than 600 social media posts offering to help people illegally pass driving tests.
The 65-year-old went missing in snow-covered mountains north of Los Angeles more than five months ago.
The UK's statutory climate body criticises the government for backing new oil and gas projects.
Paedophiles are using the technology to create and sell life-like abuse material, the BBC finds.
George Michael wanted their farewell gig to be a one-off, but his band-mate felt fans deserved more.
A 17-year-old is shot dead near Paris in broad daylight after failing to obey traffic police.
The move comes after pop star Diddy accused the firm of neglecting his tequila brand because of his race.
Planning focused more on burying the dead than averting disaster, ex-health secretary says.
Gracie Nuttall tells a celebration of her sister that her impact went "beyond any of our knowledge".
Sarah Henshaw's body was discovered in a layby near Chesterfield after she was reported missing.
The US-owned chain says it will "consolidate" stores in close proximity to each other.
Vanilla, a 28-year-old chimpanzee, had never been outside of a cage or enclosure.
Matt Hancock's evidence at the Covid Inquiry and a vote by senior doctors to walk out lead the papers.
The actor earned a place in millions of hearts by wooing Helena Bonham Carter in A Room With A View.
The actor is playing the character for the final time in the fifth instalment of the franchise.
It comes as the largest LGBT celebration in the country has been suspended since 2021.
A look at who could star at next year's festival, when it will be and how to get tickets.
Respected foreign correspondent who became a forthright commentator and pundit.
What we know about the Russian equipment and troops lost during the recent uprising.
What does the Russian mercenary group's failed mutiny mean for its fighters in African countries?
New Zealand plans to wipe out every last rat, possum and stoat. Can the plan work?
The inside story of the Nigerian market trader whose case exposed illegal organ removal in the UK.
Evidence shows members of the president's family and armed forces are involved in the Captagon trade.
The Prince of Wales's visit to East Belfast Mission is part of a UK tour for his Homewards campaign.
In just 10 minutes, Lady with a Fan becomes the most valuable work of art ever sold at auction in Europe.
Experts say the flatbread depicted in the 2,000 year-old fresco may be a precursor to the Italian dish.
Britney Spears and Dolly Parton impersonators say Facebook and Instagram has banned their profiles.
The Lake District structures are named after the famous artist because no-one knows who made them.
The singer wants to get his "mental and physical health in order" after struggling at the festival.
Crystal Palace forward Wilfried Zaha and rapper Stormzy are set to buy non-league club AFC Croydon.
Ultra-runner Jamie Aarons climbs every Scottish mountain above 3,000 feet in just over 31 days.
England captain Ben Stokes said he is "deeply sorry" to hear about experiences of discrimination in a report into cricket in England and Wales.
A US institute alleges it lost 25 years of work because a man wanted to stop "annoying" alarms.
Malinsgate police station, near Telford town centre, shut and and an exclusion zone put in place.
A minke whale is seen leaping from the water off Scarborough.
England hope an all-pace attack can utilise a green-tinged Lord's pitch for the second Ashes Test as they look to level the series against Australia.
Manchester City sign Croatia midfielder Mateo Kovacic for an initial £25m plus a possible £5m in add-ons from Chelsea.
British number one Katie Boulter suffers a first-round loss to Croatian lucky loser Petra Martic at the Eastbourne International.
Frankie Dettori's bid to win every top-level Group One race in Britain is scuppered by a whip ban which rules him out of the July Cup.
Watch the best shots as Coco Gauff of the USA beats compatriot Bernarda Pera to reach the second round at Eastbourne.
Australia legend Glenn McGrath is enjoying England's style of play but has warned the men's Ashes are over if they lose at Lord's this week.
Kane keen on move from Tottenham to Bayern, Liverpool to rival Real for Mbappe, Arsenal to put in third bid for West Ham's Rice, plus more.
Medical experts will analyse the presumed remains, the US Coast Guard said.
All-inclusive deals for some parts of Spain and Greece are more than 20% more expensive this year.
The singer, 64, postpones her tour after a stay in hospital with a serious bacterial infection.
The equivalent of 75,000 staff are lost to illness, as the absence rate jumps 29% since before the pandemic.
A woman sent from Britain to Ireland as a baby speaks about repatriations of unmarried Irish mothers.
Royal residences have the heating kept at 19C, as spending rises to almost £108m, annual accounts show.
Cam Cameron planned to spend 60 days living on the uninhabitable rock in the Outer Hebrides.
Several supporters of the former PM took aim at the Commons committee that investigated him.
Whatever happens to firm, which serves a quarter of the UK population, water supplies will continue as normal.
The airline called it a "rare occurrence" and said all the passengers and crew members were safe.
The man allegedly sent footage of the restaurant to Russia's military before it was destroyed.
Anger has been simmering over the deadly shooting of a 17-year-old who refused a traffic stop.
Carmelle Hepi, from Barnsley, travelled to London on Saturday for a party and has not been seen since.
Turmoil at the UK's biggest water company and the postponement of Madonna's world tour lead the papers.
The government has confirmed how much money the Royal Family received from taxpayers in 2022.
The BBC's Hugh Schofield investigates at the scene where police shot dead 17-year-old Nahel.
People around the world observe Eid al-Adha, one of the most important festivals in the Muslim calendar.
Guests at a luxury spa interrupt their session to meet the King and Queen on a visit to Poundbury.
Senior officials suggest the Russian leader cannot survive a catastrophic loss of authority.
The BBC gains exclusive access to illegal moneylenders who are charging interest rates of up to 50%.
"Van lords" profit from LA's housing crisis by renting motorhomes to those living on the edge, critics say.
The Turner Prize-winning artist is honoured by Prince William, Prince of Wales at Windsor Castle.
Button the Cockapoo was being walked in East Yorkshire when she suddenly disappeared out of sight.
Four-time Olympic gold medallist Simone Biles is set to make her return to competitive gymnastics at the 2023 US Classic in August.
The University of East Anglia (UEA) aims to lose more than 30 academic posts.
The hotel's owners, Arora Group, have bid to host the Ryder Cup in either 2031 or 2035.
Dolphins, whales and seals aren't protected as well in the UK as in other countries, a report finds.
Seoul scraps a centuries-old age-counting system in favour of international standards.
A planet that should have been eaten by a huge star has baffled scientists until now.
Paedophiles are using the technology to create and sell life-like abuse material, the BBC finds.
Opening arguments in the actor's trial over sexual offences, which he denies, will start on Friday.
Teachers describe health risks as a report finds 700,000 pupils are in unsafe or ageing buildings.
England were "too casual" on day one of the second Ashes Test and must realise the contest "is not just another game", says ex-captain Michael Vaughan.
Arsenal agree a deal worth £105m to sign West Ham's England midfielder Declan Rice.
When the list of the 60 teenagers selected to be Wimbledon ball boys went up in their Barnardo's children's home, it opened up a fortnight of unexpected opportunities.
Jonny Bairstow's removal of a Just Stop Oil protester from the field on the first day of the second Ashes Test at Lord's came despite players being advised not to confront pitch invaders.
A lacklustre display from England and an ominous unbeaten 85 from Steve Smith give Australia much the better of the first day of the second Ashes Test at Lord's.
World number seven Coco Gauff thrashes Britain's Jodie Burrage to reach the quarter-finals of the Eastbourne International.
Joe Root removes Travis Head and Cameron Green in the same over as England fight back against Australia on day one of the second Ashes Test at Lord's.
There will be a big expansion in student places and apprenticeships - but critics say action is needed now.
Former sheriff's deputy Scot Peterson stayed outside during a mass shooting that killed 17 people.
The inquiry began when a female officer quit, saying there was too much pressure to meet targets.
An extraordinary image of ghost particles in the Milky Way is captured by an observatory buried at the South Pole.
Users are being incorrectly shown forecasts in the single figures throughout the coming days.
Ten people died and thousands more were injured in the deadly crowd surge on 5 November 2021.
The BBC called more than a dozen Russian recruitment centres and was told it's business as usual.
The 90-minute mission was purchased for the Italian Air Force and the Italian National Research Council.
Colleen Ballinger posts a video in which she defends herself in music while playing the ukulele.
The landmark decision strikes down decades-old policies defended as a way to boost diversity.
Conservationists suspect white-tailed sea eagles have been eating avian flu-infected prey.
A microscope - sold alongside the handbag - is needed to view its intricate design.
A legal ruling on the government's asylum policy and plans to boost the NHS workforce lead the papers.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Millions of dollars are going into community violence prevention. Will it work?
Two counties vie for the right to call the River Nene "Nen" or "Neen" in an annual croquet bout.
How debris recovered from the sea bed near the Titanic could help investigators learn what happened.
Presenter Matthew Basset explores if enough has been done to help disabled people live their lives.
Reports suggest the World Health Organization could label the sweetener as possibly carcinogenic.
A woman sent to Ireland as a baby speaks about repatriations of unmarried Irish mothers.
The ruling puts the government under pressure to solve the issue of where to house asylum seekers.
Soaring energy costs lead to the pending closure of Ayr Ice Rink, with a warning that others are at risk.
Yayoi Kusama's huge inflatable sculptures open one of the UK's biggest new cultural venues for years.
It is likely to produce some dramatic sunrises and sunsets but is not harmful, the Met Office says.
New technology using remote-control robots to plant seagrass seeds could help restore meadows.
Astronomers may have picked up the first signals from giant black holes spiralling in on each other.
Passengers say they have been held on trains for up to an hour because of the swan at Paddington.
Teigen, who spoke about losing a baby in 2020, thanked their surrogate for an "incredible gift".
Halifax, Nationwide and HSBC are among those increasing interest rates on new home loans.
Inspired by seeing a bagpipe player in his youth, Chukwu Oba Kalu wanted more Nigerians to play.
Ben Duckett hits back after pundits criticise England's batters against Australia - but was their approach right?
Manchester United agree a deal to sign England midfielder Mason Mount from Premier League rivals Chelsea.
Lewis Hamilton says Formula 1 should consider further restrictions on car development to stop teams building long periods of domination.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki announces she will return to professional tennis after retiring in January 2020.
England stage a superb fightback on the second day of the second Ashes Test against Australia at Lord's, but lose three wickets for 34 runs after tea.
Ireland captain Johnny Sexton faces a hearing over "misconduct complaints" arising from the Heineken Champions Cup final on 20 May.
England's Justin Rose has a one-shot lead over Jamie Donaldson after the opening round of the British Masters.
He was learning to be an electrician and played rugby league but died at a police check near Paris.
Some residents of Nanterre are bracing for a long cold war between French suburbs and the state.
Seventeen-year-old Nahel M was shot by police during a traffic stop in Nanterre, a suburb of Paris.
Violent protests take over Paris after 17-year-old Nahel was shot by police during a traffic stop.
The BBC's Hugh Schofield investigates at the scene where police shot dead 17-year-old Nahel.
President Macron angered French police unions by criticising the shooting of a 17-year-old boy.
The shooting of a 17-year-old driver near Paris was filmed by a nearby witness.
At least 150 people are arrested overnight over the shooting of a 17-year-old during a traffic check.
The town of Nanterre is shaken by nights of rioting after 17-year-old Nahel was shot by police.
A record 25,000 people complained about the piece, in which Clarkson said he "hated" the Duchess of Sussex.
A local police commander says the vehicle rammed into cars, motorcycles and people by the roadside.
The Russian president has popped up on TV screens multiple times since last weekend's dramatic events - but to what end?
The government says measures including shorter medical degrees will help plug gaps in the workforce.
It is believed Fifa has told the club to pay more than €11m (£9.45m) to cover the fee.
The Duke of Sussex alleges articles published by Mirror Group Newspapers breached his privacy.
Digital rights groups say more robust age verification requirements lack transparency.
Justine Greening tells BBC Newsnight domestic policy should not affect efforts to tackle human rights abuses.
Judge finds officer had 'objectively reasonable' belief the Tasering of Edwin Afriyie was necessary.
The BBC presenter and Canadian politician joke about all the times they have been mistaken for each other.
Riots in France and a watchdog ruling on Jeremy Clarkson's column about Meghan make Saturday's papers.
Hugh Pym looks at whether the PM's workforce plan is the right way to fix problems in the health service.
Jack Mortimer has never forgotten those who died trying to secure Sword Beach before he landed on D-Day.
A detailed satellite image taken for the BBC shows hundreds of new tent-like structures at Belarus military base
Annie Börjesson's body was found in 2005. Police found no evidence of criminality but loved ones always had questions.
The firm is struggling to stop climate misinformation spreading on its platform, BBC investigation finds.
Australia extends the age limit to 35 for Brits who want to live and work down under.
The band spoke before supporting "legendary musicians" Lionel Richie and Gabrielle in Chepstow.
Approved psychiatrists can now prescribe MDMA and magic mushrooms for disorders like depression.
Arkin won an Oscar for playing the outrageous grandad in the 2006 film, and also appeared in Argo.
The supermodel, who welcomed her first child two years ago, says "it's never too late".
The Beautiful South singer puts money behind the bar at pubs in Scarborough to thank fans.
The artificial oasis 50m beneath London aims to reflect a healthier future for the River Thames once the new sewer opens.
Nick Hungerford's charity for bereaved children, Elizabeth's Smile, is named after his daughter.
Her family says they are shocked and saddened at the incident in Thailand's Don Mueang airport.
Chelsea complete the signing of Senegal forward Nicolas Jackson on an eight-year contract from Villarreal.
Divided by history, rivalry and religion, but in 1959, for one night only, Celtic and Rangers came together to play as a combined XI. And the inspiration came from the depths of Loch Ness.
Max Verstappen fends off a challenge from Ferrari's Charles Leclerc to take pole position at the Austrian Grand Prix.
England's hopes in the second Test and the Ashes hang by a thread following an awful third day against Australia at Lord's.
After Gino Mader's death, safety is uppermost in people's minds at the beginning of the Tour de France - cycling's greatest race.
Savannah Marshall is "a happier fighter" at super-middleweight after comfortably weighing in for Saturday's undisputed world-title bout with Franchon Crews-Dezurn.
At a crisis meeting, France's president condemns three nights of riots as "unjustifiable".
The death of 17-year-old Nahel M, during a traffic stop, has provoked anger across the country.
Nahel M's death follows an increase in police using firearms on drivers who fail to stop.
France sees a third night of mass unrest, triggered by Tuesday's police shooting of a teenager.
He was learning to be an electrician and played rugby league but died at a police check near Paris.
Widespread unrest continues in France for a fifth night over killing of a teenage boy by police.
Prosecutors are due to interview a witness after he posted a version of events online.
Elon Musk says verified accounts can read up to 10,000 posts a day while unverified ones are limited to 1,000.
That it's almost impossible to discuss alternatives to the NHS is a tribute to its longevity, says Laura Kuenssberg.
William J Burns says dissatisfaction with the conflict in Russia is a valuable recruiting tool.
Police removed protesters who briefly disrupted the parade which saw thousands gather to celebrate.
Two 22-year-olds who were "known to the victim" have been arrested on suspicion of murder, police say.
Maya Forstater is awarded £100,000 by a tribunal after she found herself losing out on a job in 2019.
Three boys, aged 14, 15 and 17, are charged with murder and robbery after the stabbing of Victor Lee, 17.
The UK lifeboat charity says it will take action and on the issues raised in surveys of its workers.
The boat had stalled and went over the edge of a dam during a rescue mission in New Jersey in the US.
Esther Wang disappeared in Golden Ears Park, Canada, sparking 16 search teams into action.
The launch is part of a mission that will map the cosmos to try and investigate so-called dark matter.
No one story dominates Sunday's papers, but many carry photos of Prince George eating pizza at the Ashes.
The parade was briefly halted after protesters lined Piccadilly - but the landmark event carried on.
Hugh Pym looks at whether the PM's workforce plan is the right way to fix problems in the health service.
The cap which sets typical household energy bills is expected to drop sharply from July.
A 680-year-old Shinto festival accused of animal cruelty has promised reforms after a horse died.
The BBC One drama is about two siblings competing in the UK music industry.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The official photographer and fans remember when 150,000 fans descended on Milton Keynes.
Three reformed offenders give peers the inside story on the best way to steer people away from crime.
Mikey Lee Neesham has been jailed for dangerous driving following the incident in North Yorkshire.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has spoken to leaders at the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) following a report highlighting discrimination in cricket.
Dutch racing driver Dilano van 't Hoff dies after a crash at the Formula Regional European Championship by Alpine.
Lee Rowley says a trial, which a council leader says cut the need for agency staff, should end now.
Mr Howard, who led the privatisation of the water industry decades ago, denies this has failed.
A household in England, Wales and Scotland using a typical amount of energy will now pay £426 less a year.
Conservationists tracked it down amid deadly snakes and 50C heat in a forest known as 'hell on Earth'.
A boy and a girl were rescued from the Cambridge property but died later in hospital.
A record 25,000 people complained about the piece, in which Clarkson said he "hated" the duchess.
The diocese of Exeter says the ordination of three family members at the same time is "unusual".
A coroner found the mother-of-two drowned after accidentally falling into cold water.
The presence of Ben Stokes will make Australia wary of another England Ashes comeback in the second Test at Lord's, says Marcus Trescothick.
Britain's Savannah Marshall becomes the undisputed super-middleweight champion with a majority decision points win over Franchon Crews-Dezurn at Manchester's AO Arena.
Why there were so many positives on show at Edgbaston following a difficult week for cricket.
England are desperately battling to avoid a 2-0 Ashes deficit after Australia's awesome pace bowlers decimate the home top order late on the fourth day of the second Test at Lord's.
England head coach Lee Carsley says he has some of Europe's best young players as his side look to beat Portugal on Sunday to reach the European Under-21 Championship semi-finals.
England travel to Australia in four days' time for the Women's World Cup, but a disappointing goalless draw with Portugal leaves plenty for manager Sarina Wiegman to think about.
Briton Natasha Jonas beat Kandi Wyatt by stoppage in Manchester to win the vacant IBF welterweight title and become a two-weight world champion.
A gun shop in Marseille was looted on Friday amid fears looting and violence will get worse on Saturday.
He was learning to be an electrician and played rugby league but died at a police check near Paris.
One of Nahel's relatives says the riots do not honour Nahel's death, and the family want them to stop.
Amanda Pritchard told the BBC that July's strikes could be the worst yet for patients.
Governments may need to step in again and subsidise energy bills this winter says IEA boss.
A large-scale Israeli military operation is under way in the northern West Bank city of Jenin.
Victoria Amelina, an award-winning writer, was in a pizza restaurant that was hit by a Russian missile.
The islands' councillors will consider a motion to investigate alternative forms of governance.
The Marylebone Cricket Club suspends three members over altercations with Australia players at Lord's on day five of the second Test.
A senior headteacher accused Ms Phillips of racism and bullying following a Twitter row.
US President Joe Biden will meet King Charles at Windsor Castle on 10 July.
Last year's men's singles runner-up Nick Kyrgios withdraws from Wimbledon 2023 with a wrist injury.
The ceremony is part of an age-old ritual in which the reptile represents mother earth.
More than a dozen of the injured were under 18, a senior city official said, as suspects remain at large.
Fifteen train companies based in England will be hit from Monday until Saturday next week.
A number of false and misleading claims about the French riots have been circulating on social media.
Russians have told the BBC they feared Wagner could unleash the violent tactics it uses in Ukraine on them.
The Akita Inu has been lionised in Japan and beyond as a symbol of devotion and fidelity.
Did knowledge of phone hacking by Mirror Group Newspapers journalists go right to the top?
The state of California is considering giving the descendants of slaves $1.2m each.
London sent the Hawker Hurricanes to the Soviet Union to help them fight against Nazi Germany.
John Shannon was a school teacher before joining the Navy and being sent on secret missions.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The process, used in the US and Canada, will be available later this year through Co-op Funeralcare.
One of the UK's largest pension funds is the first investor to come out and support Thames Water.
Duwayne Brooks, who witnessed the murder, says he could have picked a sixth suspect from a line-up.
The soap stalwart, who appeared in Coronation Street, Emmerdale and Brookside, has died aged 86.
The M6 near Preston was closed for most of the day after milk spilled on to both carriageways.
The monarch's traditional prime minister says he is being treated in a hospital in Eswatini.
Clubs should think carefully before accepting sponsorship from gambling firms, says NHS England head.
Transport network disruption and tunnelling targeted under measures for police in England and Wales.
Gemma Germeney, 31, Lilly Peden, eight, and Oliver Peden, four, all died in the fire, police say.
Ben Stokes' brilliant 155 is not enough to carry England to a second-Test victory over Australia at Lord's in one of the most incredible and controversial finishes in the history of the game.
Novak Djokovic will open proceedings on Centre Court when Wimbledon 2023 gets under way on Monday.
England's Jonny Bairstow is controversially stumped by Australia's wicket-keeper Alex Carey on day five of the second Test at Lord's.
Daryll Neita wins the women's 200m ahead of fellow Briton Dina Asher-Smith at a rainy Diamond League meeting in Stockholm.
Novak Djokovic is famous for his dedication and meticulous preparation, but he may let some of his strict routines slip as he tries to defend his Wimbledon title.
With Wimbledon starting on Monday, BBC Sport looks at the key themes going into one of the highlights of the British sporting summer.
Attackers tried to set the house on fire before firing rockets at the mayor's fleeing wife and children.
A total of 719 people were arrested as disturbances gripped Marseille and other cities with Paris quieter.
Nine Palestinians are killed as troops carry out an air and ground assault in the West Bank city.
Yolande Knell is near the camp where Israeli forces and armed Palestinian militants are fighting.
The findings from BBC analysis reveal a serious problem, say charities but agents say landlords are worried about damage.
Nathan Law says his life has become more dangerous as Hong Kong police offer a bounty for his arrest.
Novak Djokovic dries the court with a towel and urges the crowd to "blow" amid rain delay as he begins his Wimbledon title defence with a win.
July's full Moon, known as a Buck Moon, will be closer than normal in its orbit around the Earth.
Premature babies can now routinely be given the drug ranibizumab on the NHS, to prevent blindness.
Peers voted to reverse a government plan to remove existing caps in the Illegal Migration Bill.
Penelope Williams has been struck off after the liaison at Wrexham's Spire Hospital.
Bosses at Lloyds, HSBC, NatWest and Barclays will meet with the industry watchdog on Thursday.
Andrew O'Donnell and Max Wall, both 18, died on the Greek island of Ios in separate incidents.
Lord Chancellor Alex Chalk says it is "absolutely vital" dangerous offenders are kept behind bars.
Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer says she is concerned banks are shutting accounts for the wrong reasons.
Tuesday's papers focus on motorists being overcharged for fuel and the hottest June on record.
Most users can now read 1,000 tweets daily - a strange move for a social media firm.
The Old Town Road singer was hit by a sex toy on stage, the latest in a string of throwing incidents.
What is it like to be out of work for three decades and then land employment?
For more than 80 years the identities of three girls captured in an iconic photograph were unknown.
Global maritime industry faces a major decision on curbing carbon as pressure grows for a net-zero target.
The BBC's Jo Floto assesses the situation as Israel launches a major military operation in the occupied West Bank.
Russia has mined vast swathes of Ukrainian territory its holds, inflicting casualties as Kyiv advances.
Chloe McRoberts graduated with first class honours 10 years after she left school with no qualifications.
President Macron is fervently hoping the protesters give up and go home soon. For so many reasons.
Video footage shows cars narrowly missing a house near a new road built to bypass HS2 work.
Police say the "monumental" haul of counterfeit goods has dealt an £870m blow to organised crime.
Léon Gautier is being remembered as a "defender of freedom" for his role opposing Nazi Germany.
Scientists found evidence that climate change made the warmer weather last month more likely.
King Charles was cheered by well-wishers in Bo'ness before being presented with the keys to Edinburgh.
A member of the public asked the PCSO to go to a supermarket where a fight had broken out.
The PM's spokesman said Australia had broken the spirit of the game with the controversial stumping.
Hallie, from Coventry, needs treatment which her family say cannot be provided by the NHS.
A scene in the film features a map depicting China's territorial claims in the disputed South China Sea.
The pair are the first to be born at the attraction and keepers say the pups are "thriving".
Interview no shows are among the reasons some firms are not hiring under 21 year olds, a chamber says.
Former England and Liverpool midfielder Steven Gerrard has been named manager of Saudi Arabian side Al-Ettifaq.
Emma Thompson and Richard Curtis say the bank is "financing and profiting from climate chaos".
Animal bones found at the bottom of the pits are used to identify them as about 8,000 years old.
Tracking speed of movement might provide a diagnosis up to seven years ahead of symptoms, a study suggests.
Andy Murray believes he remains "one of the best grass-court players in the world" as he begins his Wimbledon campaign on Tuesday.
Watch the best shots from day one of Wimbledon, including a 'phenomenal' winner by Lauren Davis and epic rallies with Britain's Liam Broady and Harriet Dart.
Coco Gauff is the first big-name casualty at Wimbledon as she loses to Sofia Kenin, but Iga Swiatek and Jessica Pegula go through.
Portuguese winger Jota moves to Saudi Arabian side Al-Ittihad following two years with Celtic.
On a cold, dark February morning, a figure, carrying a bag and filled with purpose, climbed a hedge at the All England Club, planning to destroy it.
Watch highlights as seventh seed Coco Gauff suffers a shock defeat against fellow American Sofia Kenin in the first round of Wimbledon.
Belgium's Jasper Philipsen sprints to victory on stage three of the Tour de France as Britain's Adam Yates retains the leader's yellow jersey.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
The Bank of England has raised rates to 5% from 4.5% to control price rises.
The deprived French suburbs erupt time and time again. Why?
A number of false and misleading claims about the French riots have been circulating on social media.
One of Nahel's relatives says the riots do not honour Nahel's death, and the family want them to stop.
The Met reopens probe into Tory HQ party but will not investigate Boris Johnson over further alleged breaches of Covid rules.
Gunfire and explosions continue to shake the West Bank city as the major two-day operation ends.
The television presenter says she has dementia after battling brain fog and anxiety for months.
The Captain Tom Foundation is also no longer taking donations due to an inquiry into its finances.
The Prince and Princess of Wales hear from the first person born after the NHS was founded, in 1948.
Forest Green Rovers name Hannah Dingley as their new caretaker boss, making her the first woman to manage a professional men's team in English football.
Bereaved family and friends have collated archive video and voice recordings of Aidan Mann.
The Women and Equalities Committee recommends compulsory relationship lessons in sixth form.
A service of thanksgiving will be held at St Giles' Cathedral in Edinburgh to mark his Coronation.
The former shadow chancellor says a "right-wing faction" has gained control of party selection processes.
Monday 3 July was the warmest day yet recorded with temperatures averaging over 17C for the first time.
Millwall's owner and chairman John Berylson dies at the age of 70 following a "tragic accident", the club announce.
Nigel Farage's account with the bank Coutts is not being closed for political reasons, the BBC is told.
Interest rate hikes and a further Covid regulation breach police investigation make Wednesday's papers.
The members of the 6888th battalion are beginning to get recognition almost 80 years on.
Neither Israel nor Palestinians are in any mood to talk peace even when fighting ends in Jenin, Jeremy Bowen reports.
A 27-year-old Indian woman has started a petition to put an end to the social evil of dowry.
With the Women's World Cup set to get under way in less than three weeks' time, hosts Australia and New Zealand's relationship with football remains complicated.
Children face more disruption as teachers in England prepare to go on strike again.
The prime minister said these five priorities should be used to hold his government to account.
A group of experienced European tech leaders hopes to mentor a new generation of entrepreneurs.
Critics deliver their verdicts on the hyped show, which one calls "a potential turkey for the ages".
Andy Murray says it was "brilliant" to be watched at Wimbledon by Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who revealed watching his 2016 win gave her rare joy in prison.
The BBC weather presenter was thrilled with Wimbledon's search dog Wraith until he made a sharp exit.
Lucy Bronze catches up with BBC Sport's Liam MacDevitt to dish the dirt on what goes on in the Lionesses' group chat.
Ms Black became the parliament's youngest MP since 1832 when she was first elected in 2015 aged 20.
Researchers use the celestial objects quasars to measure time near the start of the universe.
There had been mixed feelings about the event taking place against the backdrop of civil unrest.
The findings from BBC analysis reveal a serious problem, say charities, but agents say landlords are worried about damage.
Legend John Cena told British fans he wants WWE's main event to come the UK - but could it happen?
A barrister for five councils says expanding the ultra-low emission zone is beyond Sadiq Khan's powers.
The internet personality, 37, says it is "beatable" and urges other women to get any lumps checked.
The degenerative brain disease - chronic traumatic encephalopathy - is linked to contact sports.
Preparations are being made to fly to Dublin the remains of two teenagers who died in Greece.
The council leader accused the Scottish and UK governments of discrimination before his motion was supported.
Authorities have warned of "multiple natural disasters" as heavy rains lash parts of the country.
The UK had criticised Hong Kong for placing bounties on eight pro-democracy activists based overseas.
An e-bike left charging in a home where a mother and two children died in a fire will be examined.
The 32-year-old is believed to have manufactured up to 10,000 pills a month from his Denny home.
There have been conflicting reports over the health of the monarch and why he had gone to Eswatini.
A mayor in one of France's poorest areas wants the state to take tougher measures against rioters.
Treasury Select Committee chair claims retailers not customers benefitted from the tax cut.
On a disrupted day at Wimbledon, Andy Murray outclasses fellow Briton Ryan Peniston and Cameron Norrie beats Czech qualifier Tomas Machac.
Mason Mount tells Chelsea fans a move to Manchester United is "what's right for me at this moment in my career".
England's psychologist and batting coach explain the dressing-room changes behind the 'Bazball' buzzwords and why their new philosophy will survive its sternest test yet.
Watch the best shots from day two of Wimbledon, including top seed Carlos Alcarez, Ons Jabeur and Britain's Andy Murray.
Belgium's Jasper Philipsen wins for the second straight day amid a chaotic finish to stage four of the Tour de France.
Eight-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer takes the acclaim of an adoring Centre Court and makes his presence felt among the current players.
Roberto Firmino joins Saudi Pro League side Al-Ahli on a three-year deal after leaving Liverpool.
With one in five people now renting in the UK, it's important to understand your rights as a tenant.
It may sound like an official has leant on their keyboard - but it's an acronym we'll hear more often.
Nearly a third of Americans - about 113 million people - are currently under heat advisories.
Mortgage rates are at a 15-year high, but there are reasons why the pain may not be as bad as it could be.
Novak Djokovic believes his eagerly anticipated Wimbledon meeting with Carlos Alcaraz is "probably the best final" there could have been.
No-one was hurt but "difficult conditions" meant people had to be evacuated from nearby buildings.
Torrential rains have caused deadly deluges, landslides, and power cuts across much of South Korea.
The senior Tory will also step down as an MP at the next general election, he tells the Sunday Times.
As the Bibby Stockholm is towed to Portland the BBC finds out how people on the island are reacting.
The musician said she felt let down by the show after she was attacked by a hotel porter in 2012.
The blaze on Spain's La Palma has destroyed some 4,500 hectares of land since Saturday.
Osian Jones, 16, had three heart attacks and is recovering in intensive care after his operation.
England are preparing for another Ashes fight as the multi-format series is tied with two games to play.
Jarvis Cocker, Steve Lamacq, Jo Whiley and Damon Albarn share their opinions on the end of an era.
Sunday's papers include Ben Wallace's resignation and a story about Prince George.
The Labour leader is quietly preparing for power but he can't take anything for granted - here's why.
Taking back their remorse could land defendants with stiffer sentences.
Nigerians have inundated Guinness World Record with requests to ratify their attempts in the past two months.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
This highly unusual election takes place at the height of summer, after four years of left-wing rule.
Arsenal's spending over the past three summers - which now includes the signing of Declan Rice - outstrips everyone in the Premier League, but that puts pressure on Mikel Arteta, writes Simon Stone.
After June's mutiny, Wagner troops were told they could join the regular Russian army or head to Belarus.
Argentina forward Lionel Messi signs for American MLS side Inter Miami on a deal that runs until 2025.
The two biggest economies and polluters need to work together to avert the crisis, experts say.
Twenty years after he was first created in a comic book, Pavitr Prabhakar makes his film debut.
One woman wants to return to work after sickness but feels there is not enough support available.
Environmental campaigners got into the Ineos facility in Grangemouth and climbed onto a building.
A murder investigation is under way after the teenager was attacked in north-west London.
Footage from police shows officers chasing the biker through gardens before his arrest.
Ex-first ministers Alex Salmond and Nicola Sturgeon were among those remembering the SNP trailblazer.
Czech Marketa Vondrousova becomes the first unseeded player to win the Wimbledon women's title as Ons Jabeur's wait for a major goes on.
Arsenal sign England midfielder Declan Rice from West Ham in a deal worth £100m plus £5m add-ons.
James Boyling faced a misconduct panel after posing as "Jim Sutton" during an affair with an activist.
Southend United supporters want Ron Martin to "sell up and get out" as the club faces closure.
Elsie Allcock says she has no plans to leave the property she has called home for more than a century.
Marketa Vondrousova discusses getting a new tattoo to mark her Wimbledon triumph, coming back from serious injury and a rich Czech tennis heritage.
Watch the best shots from this year's Wimbledon featuring Andrey Rublev's incredible diving winner against Alexander Bublik.
Watch highlights as Marketa Vondrousova beats Ons Jabeur 6-4 6-4 to become the first unseeded player to win the Wimbledon women's singles title.
Watch highlights as Somerset beat Essex at Edgbaston to end an 18-year wait and win the T20 Blast title for the second time.
Somerset beat Essex to win the T20 Blast trophy for the second time - 18 years after their first.
Denmark's Jonas Vingegaard retains the leader's yellow jersey in the Tour de France after a thrilling stage 14.
With interest rates rapidly rising, what do experts say about coping with costs?
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people will get extra help with energy bills.
Many homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
Britain's economy is expected to shrink in 2023 but no longer expected to go into recession.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
University courses will have to limit student numbers if they do not lead to highly-skilled jobs.
More than a dozen states are under warnings with the brutal conditions showing no sign of abating.
The controversial police unit enforces Iran's strict dress code and has been accused of brutality.
The singer tells the BBC she wants to build better support for contestants on reality TV shows.
Elon Musk confirms the firm has a heavy debt load and income in June was not what had been expected.
Carlos Alcaraz wins the Wimbledon men's singles title for the first time by ending Novak Djokovic's recent dominance with a stunning victory.
Just 15 were alive after the stranding and vets had to euthanise the survivors on welfare grounds.
The National Audit Office has found the project is behind schedule and not delivering value for money.
Russia has threatened not to extend the deal allowing Ukraine's Black Sea grain exports despite the war.
The energy secretary is asking supermarkets and petrol stations to publish prices to aid competition.
Senior doctors are already set to strike this week - but now they will also strike for two days in August.
Aslef train drivers are refusing to work overtime, while members of the RMT will walk out later this week.
The unnamed firefighter died from injuries sustained working in the Northwest Territories on Saturday.
Plans by Rishi Sunak to overhaul university degrees and Alcaraz's Wimbledon win lead the papers.
The fast-moving story saw the dial shift on the balance between public interest, privacy and misconduct.
Companies are using augmented reality labels on their products to share videos and animations.
Mortgage rates are at a 15-year high, but there are reasons why the pain may not be as bad as it could be.
The group that disrupted the Labour leader's speech says the party is backsliding on energy pledges.
The Prince and Princess of Wales and various Hollywood stars are watching all the action on Centre Court.
France's president said she was a "French icon" who "sang the most beautiful words of our language".
A fan causes a crash on stage 15 as Wout Poels claims his first Tour de France stage win and Jonas Vingegaard maintains his overall lead.
One man broke his ribs in what is the sixth such attack in the same region this year.
The animals were "terrified of humans" when found but are expected to make a full recovery.
Parts of the Verulamium Park, in St Albans, were used in a trailer for the Warner Bros film.
A ranger says up to 500 people have been partying and leaving huge amounts of litter at Polzeath.
Manchester United defender Harry Maguire says he has been stripped of the captaincy for the new season.
Sony agrees deal with tech giant to keep franchise on PlayStation as Activision buyout moves step closer.
Ciaran Keating died following a two-car collision while travelling to watch his son play football.
Australia retain the Women's Ashes with a dramatic three-run victory over England in the second one-day international at The Ageas Bowl.
Carlos Alcaraz beating Novak Djokovic to the Wimbledon men's singles title was primarily for himself - but it can also give hope to the rest of the younger generation.
Manchester United are on the brink of completing the signing of Inter Milan goalkeeper Andre Onana for almost £50m.
Watch as world number one Carlos Alcaraz beats seven-time champion Novak Djokovic in a thrilling five-set match to win his first Wimbledon title.
Carlos Alcaraz says becoming Wimbledon champion is "something that I dreamed about since I started playing tennis".
Watch the highlights as Australia retained the Women's Ashes with a dramatic three-run victory over England, who so nearly pulled off a remarkable win through Nat Sciver-Brunt's masterful unbeaten 111.
Ireland captain Johnny Sexton is given a three-match ban that will see him miss his country's three World Cup warm-up matches.
Overnight leader Rory McIlroy sinks a birdie on the 18th to edge out home hope Robert McIntyre and win the Scottish Open.
The antibody treatment donanemab slows clinical decline by around a third, a large trial confirms.
Death Valley in California did not reach its previous record but that didn't stop the tourists.
Moscow blames Ukraine for the incident, which killed two people, but Kyiv has not said it was responsible.
The UK medicines safety watchdog says abusing codeine linctus can lead to serious health issues.
Novak Djokovic is fined $8,000 (£6,117) for smashing his racquet against a net post in the Wimbledon men's final.
A UK family will pay on average £943 for six weeks of school-age childcare, a charity finds.
Some of the emails reportedly contain sensitive information such as passwords and medical records.
Victims say the fallout has been "horrendous" as a report calls compensation schemes a "patchwork quilt".
Corrie Mckeague's mum says she feels sick after seeing unlocked bins where her son went missing.
Peers will have a chance later to insist on alterations in a series of late-night votes.
The musician appeared via video link as a defence witness in the actor's sex assault trial.
With software getting better and venues cutting budgets, could AI replace DJs and producers?
A new drug, found to slow the effects of Alzheimer's disease, dominates Tuesday's front pages.
New figures show the international pulling power of stars like Harry Styles and Glastonbury Festival.
Gruelling work hours and a dismal job market are forcing young Chinese to make unusual choices.
Climate change means places like Murcia in Spain and Phoenix, Arizona are only getting hotter.
With Ukraine aiming to deal a decisive blow to Russian forces, the bridge is a key target.
Fashion, music and TV are all taking cues from 20-odd years ago - but what's behind the fascination?
The BBC's analysis editor examines what happened to the bridge linking Russia with occupied Crimea.
Star Zambian striker Barbra Banda could light up the Women's World Cup despite missing the African qualifiers following a row over her eligibility.
This year Rufus was joined by Rhea, a pigeon scarer in training.
It's worth $69bn, could change video gaming forever and some don't want it to happen. Here's why.
The country is less used to dealing with the severe effects of a warming planet.
Gallery owner Steph Warren had a job at the "reserved" graffiti star's print shop in London.
BBC Weather has the latest as temperatures intensify in countries including Spain and Italy.
Vertical farms are going through a tough period - do the hi-tech indoor farms have a future?
Mustafa Suleyman says he has chosen to locate his new AI company in the US.
The rare first-edition, unopened 4GB model sold for almost 400 times its original value.
The historic royal ceremony of counting swans has begun. And no, they won't break your arm.
The item is under police guard as state and federal authorities work to identify its origin.
The move comes after officials impounded 172 watches worth £10,700 from its rainbow-coloured Pride collection.
Officials say more than 4,000 people had been evacuated from their homes on the Spanish island.
Construction workers and fishermen now face lower fees and requirements to qualify for skilled worker visas.
The authors of a new report are calling for a change to how victims are compensated.
Test your knowledge of the latest artificial intelligence developments.
Examinations are carried out on some of the 55 whales washed ashore on the Isle of Lewis.
Ben Thompson struggled to get a note out of the instrument during a segment on BBC Breakfast.
The barge, which is set to house 500 asylum seekers, is being moved to Portland in Dorset.
Under a new order, the Danone and Carslberg units have been put in "temporary management" of the state.
Australia's women's team criticise the gender disparity in World Cup prize money and some nations not having collective bargaining rights.
Ministers will ask the regulator to restrict numbers on courses that do not have "good outcomes".
Aslef train drivers announce another overtime ban, while members of the RMT will walk out later this week.
A brief history of the warring console makers' attempts to become the games industry's big boss.
Elon Musk confirms the firm has a heavy debt load and income in June was not what had been expected.
Ian Hogarth said it was inevitable that more jobs would become increasingly automated.
The UK's competition watchdog will work with retailers over the autumn to set up the monitoring scheme.
England spinner Moeen Ali wants to find the fan who helped him cure the cut finger that was affecting his bowling at the beginning of the Ashes series.
A 12-year-old Sam Kerr was ambivalent about playing football. Now she is one of the greats and bearing the weight of a home World Cup on her shoulders.
Australia's Cameron Smith says he was "holding back tears" as he handed the Claret Jug back to the R&A on Monday after arriving at Royal Liverpool for the Open Championship.
Bath flanker Sam Underhill and Sale prop Bevan Rodd are cut from England's World Cup training squad.
James Anderson describes his favourite Ashes wicket for England before the crucial fourth Test at Old Trafford.
Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says £100m signing Declan Rice can be a "lighthouse" for the Gunners and the midfielder is "exactly what we needed".
Brazilian winger Willian rejoins Fulham and signs a new one-year contract with the London club.
Jaguar Land Rover-owner, Tata, is going ahead with plans for a multi-billion-pound factory in Somerset.
The United Nations command said the man was on an organised tour when he crossed without permission.
Specialist firefighting planes are being sent to Greece to help tackle fires amid the extreme heat.
Nigel Farage says he obtained a copy of a report by the bank's wealth reputational risk committee.
Documents show the ex-PM was told Ukraine's accession would help combat Russian expansionism.
The government faces the possibility of losing all three seats in Thursday's polls.
Mr Trump posted that he was told to report to a grand jury, "which almost always means an Arrest".
Passports are about to be released with an updated wording for the reign of King Charles.
Nevada police search a Las Vegas home as part of an investigation into the rapper's 1996 killing.
Tobias Ellwood says Afghanistan has been "transformed" and it is time to restart diplomatic relations.
The Sun and MailOnline publishers say they looking into claims against the columnist and broadcaster.
Labour warns the move could mean families who have resettled in the UK could become homeless.
Former Netherlands goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar has been moved out of intensive care following a bleed on the brain.
Wednesday's papers feature dramatic images and reports of the heat ravaging parts of Europe.
Great writers such as WH Auden, Philip Larkin and Robert Graves were all ruled out as poet laureate.
Americans arrested in the communist state have included tourists, a teacher and a Christian missionary.
Education Secretary Gillian Keegan has been criticised after making the comparison in Parliament.
Opposition to the bill from peers and some Tory MPs, including former PM Theresa May, melted away.
A large convoy of suspected Wagner fighters has arrived at a new camp in Belarus.
Ryan Giggs' fight to clear his name is over, but the most decorated British footballer of all-time faces an uncertain future.
Victoria's decision to walk away from 2026 hosting duties could be a "death knell" for the Games.
Six years on from the Weinstein scandal, McDonald's workers say they face a hostile environment.
The Women's World Cup kicks off on 20 July, but who will be lifting the trophy at the end of it? BBC pundits, ex-players and managers predict the tournament winners.
Gen Syrskyi, overseeing the renewed push in the east, says quick success is practically impossible.
A total of 41 jumpers combine to create the largest ever sequential formation dive in the UK.
Bibby Stockholm is set to be in Portland Port for 18 months, housing 500 male asylum seekers.
The Court of Appeal reduces Carla Foster's sentence for illegally taking abortion tablets.
The Labour leader's refusal to scrap the limit will be raised at a meeting of the party's policy body.
Neopets is promising a "new era", with $4m of funding to remake the site and bring back 50 classic games.
West Midlands Fire Service says the owner of the footage allowed it to be shared to flag the dangers.
Families from the four nations shared their stories with the UK Covid-19 Inquiry.
The judge directs not guilty verdicts against the former Manchester United player and Wales manager.
The minister says new UK defence plans are influenced by lessons learned from the war in Ukraine.
The BBC's Shaimaa Khalil was reporting live when a technical fault caused her voice to sound squeaky.
England beat Australia by 69 runs at Taunton to win the Ashes one-day international series 2-1, the visitors' first series defeat in the format in a decade.
Jonas Vingegaard tightens his grip on the yellow jersey in the Tour de France after he blew away Tadej Pogacar in the individual time trial.
In the tightest of Ashes series, England's win at Headingley counts for little unless they win at Old Trafford and force a decider in the fifth Test, says Stephan Shemilt
England forward Marcus Rashford signs a deal to stay at Manchester United until 2028.
Watch the moment England take the wicket of Jess Jonassen to complete a 2-1 series win by 69 runs on DLS, with Australia retaining the Ashes following and 8-8 draw the multi-format series.
Watch the best of Nat Sciver-Brunt, who hit a superb 129 as England beat Australia by 69 runs to win the ODI series 2-1
Wayne Rooney says Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is "one of the best things to happen to English football".
Europe and the US are sweltering in 40C heat - what should you do if you're visiting this summer?
The temperature hits 43C (110F) in Phoenix, Arizona, for a record-breaking 19th straight day.
Temperatures are expected to peak at 46C in Sardinia as a heatwave continues in parts of Europe.
With southern Europe baking in extreme heat, will any of that come to the UK?
Chris Fawkes shows us where the high temperatures are across the northern hemisphere.
Police confirm two deaths in an incident in the New Zealand city hosting the Women's World Cup.
Attacks on Black Sea ports destroy 60,000 tonnes of grain and damage infrastructure, officials say.
Walkout gets under way on Thursday, with consultants providing limited, Christmas Day-style cover.
The Bank of England is under less pressure to put up interest rates after inflation fell from 8.7% to 7.9% in June.
Adil Iqbal filmed himself speeding at 123mph before he ploughed into Frankie Jules-Hough's car.
Travis King spent time in a detention facility after getting into fights and hitting a police car.
England's Stuart Broad becomes just the second pace bowler to take 600 wickets in Test cricket after removing Australia's Travis Head in the fourth Ashes Test.
The ex-UK Independence Party leader accuses the BBC of falling for "spin", saying his account was closed due to his views.
German authorities say investigations are continuing into the November museum heist in Bavaria.
The footage appears to show the Wagner boss with large numbers of men in a camp in Belarus.
Rishi Sunak says it was an "appalling failure" that service people were sacked because of their sexuality.
The Evening Standard's use of a photo of Susan Hall is described as having a "whiff of misogyny".
Tobias Ellwood is castigated for backing engagement with the Taliban but barely mentioning human rights.
The fallout from Nigel Farage being "exited" from Coutts is the main focus of Thursday's papers.
Critics impressed by director Christopher Nolan's thriller about the 'father of the atomic bomb'.
The singer says he embraced his low mood and used it to inform Blur's first album in eight years.
The government faces the possibility of losing all three seats in Thursday's polls.
Declassified papers also reveal how Margaret Thatcher praised Tony Blair for his support of the US.
One review calls the film "painfully funny", but another describes it as "uneven and disjointed".
The BBC speaks to experts about sexual harassment and what to do if you experience it in the workplace.
The dogs and their owners marked 155 years since the breed's first litter was born.
The museum says it condemns racism directed at any groups and is working to be more welcoming.
The Hollywood actor was "used to getting his own way" and took advantage of his power, prosecutors say.
The biggest Fifa Women's World Cup - featuring European champions England and debutants the Republic of Ireland - will finally get under way on Thursday.
Jason Aldean defends his song as it is yanked by Country Music Television and Sheryl Crow attacks him.
New discoveries in the buried Roman city shed fresh light on life before Vesuvius erupted.
Workers with harassment allegations should go through the firm's complaints process, Rishi Sunak said.
Tory MP Maria Miller says illegal abortions should be dealt with "compassion not punishment".
Australian sailor Tim Shaddock and his dog Bella are back on dry land after getting lost at sea.
Parts of Sardinia and Sicily will be the hottest in Europe with highs of 46C or 47C.
Costs for tenants have jumped again but house prices grew more slowly in May, figures show.
Rory McIlroy, who lifted the Claret Jug at Hoylake in 2014, returns as one of the favourites to win the 151st Open when it starts on Thursday.
Liverpool agree a deal in principle worth £12m plus add-ons to sell midfielder and captain Jordan Henderson to Saudi Arabian club Al-Ettifaq.
England chip away at Australia's batting on a tense and fluctuating first day of the crucial fourth Ashes Test at Old Trafford.
Faked medical records, pharmacists, fixers, fame and fortune. Dopers infiltrated Kenyan distance running but the fightback has begun.
Jonas Vingegaard is on the brink of retaining his Tour de France title after opening up a lead of more than seven minutes on a gruelling stage 17.
The Republic of Ireland will show "no fear" and their first-ever World Cup match with co-hosts Australia will be something to savour.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
We report this percentage every month but here are three things you may not know.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Test your knowledge of the latest artificial intelligence developments.
Concerns over the impact of AI are partly behind the first Hollywood actors' strike in 43 years.
The BBC spoke to various experts about the potential dangers of artificial intelligence.
The move comes as plans are announced to make it more difficult for banks to close banking accounts.
The former Brexit Party leader says his account had been closed because of his political views.
The White House says the controversial weapons are having an impact on Russian formations.
PM Narendra Modi said the assault in Manipur state had "shamed" the country.
A two-day walkout began at 07:00, with consultants providing limited 'Christmas Day cover'.
The firm says 255 workers will be at risk of redundancy at the 39 stores due for closure.
A lump sum of at least £1,655 has failed to reach the pay packets of some "bank" nurses, who fill rota gaps.
First-class degrees were given to 32.8% of students in England last year, down from 37.4%.
Residents in the south-western outskirts of the city are being told to stay indoors.
Its foreign ministry announces the move amid worsening relations between London and Moscow.
New Zealand's players had tears in their eyes after defeating Norway in the opening game of the 2023 Women's World Cup - while Australia's own winning feeling was one of relief.
The BBC's Jean Mackenzie looks at the possible outcomes of the high-stake political row.
The boss of the NatWest Group saying sorry to Nigel Farage leads Friday's front pages.
More than 100 people have been killed in ethnic violence that has engulfed a small Indian state.
A former detective and a special constable reveal their experiences of serving with the Met Police.
Counter-terror police have raided the homes of a swathe of Australian environmental activists.
A video that shows two naked women being paraded by a mob in Manipur state has sparked outrage.
Catalans weigh up possible outcomes of Sunday's poll and its impact on the independence movement.
The first phase of the Covid Inquiry has come to an end. What have we learnt over the past six weeks?
The remains have been donated by a US businessman to a university so they can be studied.
The White House says Pyongyang has failed to respond to attempts to negotiate release.
The defence for the American actor summed up their arguments for the jury on Thursday.
Vattenfall cites deteriorating market conditions in its decision to shelve the offshore wind farm.
Zak Crawley's astonishing 189 stuns Australia and keeps England on course for an Ashes comeback on an exhilarating second day of the fourth Test at Old Trafford.
Post-menopausal killer whales protect their adult sons from fights, research shows.
The pedestrian was caught between two cars that collided before careening away in opposite directions.
A new Oxford University study pinpoints for the first time how high- and low-meat diets impact the planet.
The Russian-born oil tycoon says his family's lives have been disrupted and his reputation shattered.
UK competition watchdog says unclear pricing could be hampering shoppers' ability to spot deals.
Miranda Dickson will now keep the door of her historic Edinburgh home an off-white shade of pink.
K-Pop superstar Jung Kook says making their own tracks will boost the band's bond when they reform.
The Bank of England is not expected to raise interest rates as quickly after inflation slowed.
Former head of the UN climate science body told the BBC's Today programme he was very pessimistic.
Sir Tom Scholar was fired after Liz Truss vowed to change "Treasury orthodoxy" during her bid for Tory leadership.
A film studio cut trees that had given striking actors and writers shade during blazing temperatures.
Russia announces it will treat ships heading for Ukrainian ports as potential military targets.
The technology giant says it could remove services such as FaceTime from the UK over potential changes
Vine's lawyer says Alex Belfield made false allegations in nine YouTube videos and eight tweets.
The boss of the streaming giant also calls for an end to the strikes disrupting Hollywood.
Gold Coast is ready to step in and host the 2026 Commonwealth Games, says the Queensland city's mayor Tom Tate.
RMT members at 14 train firms walk out on Thursday as train drivers continue an overtime ban.
England captain Ben Stokes says Zak Crawley is "argumentative", but the opener repaid the faith shown by the skipper with a memorable Ashes hundred.
Tommy Fleetwood raises hopes of a first English winner of The Open in 31 years with a superb five-under-par 66 on the opening morning at Royal Liverpool.
Agony turns to celebration for Glentoran striker Jay Donnelly as his penalty in a shootout is kept out but the ball spins back into net.
BBC Sport takes a look at what to expect from day two of the Women's World Cup with Nigeria playing Canada, the Philippines facing Switzerland and Spain taking on Costa Rica.
Manchester United complete the £47.2m (55m euro) signing of goalkeeper Andre Onana from Inter Milan on a five-year contract.
Zak Crawley's astonishing 189 stuns Australia and keeps England on course for an Ashes comeback on an exhilarating second day of the fourth Test at Old Trafford.
Spain defender Jordi Alba joins ex-Barcelona team-mates Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets at Inter Miami on a deal to the end of the 2024 season.
England begin their Women's World Cup campaign against Haiti on Saturday, but who do you think should be in the starting XI?
How much do you know about the biggest tournament in women's football?
Picking a football team isn't as simple as a line on a map for people living in Northern Ireland.
The Women's World Cup kicks off on 20 July, but who will be lifting the trophy at the end of it? BBC pundits, ex-players and managers predict the tournament winners.
Meet the supporter reporters who will be giving BBC Sport a flavour of the Women's World Cup throughout the tournament.
England's group game against Denmark at the 2023 Women's World Cup will be shown live on the BBC.
A series of records on temperature, ocean heat, and Antarctic sea ice are "unprecedented", some scientists say.
The New York crooner who duetted with Aretha Franklin, Frank Sinatra and Lady Gaga, dies aged 96.
Admiral Lisa Franchetti will become the first woman to lead a US military branch if confirmed.
For the first time, reporters have been allowed on the floating accommodation moored off Dorset.
The Lionesses have been "itching to begin" their Women's World Cup campaign, says captain Millie Bright as England prepare to play their group opener against Haiti.
In a change of tradition it was taken by a photographer, rather than George's mother, the Princess of Wales.
The leadership will come under pressure to be more radical at a key meeting with unions and party members.
Members of the RMT union at 14 rail companies will walk out on Saturday as many school holidays begin.
Police are called as two vehicles are driven onto the pitch at half-time in front of stunned fans.
A judge rejects Mr Trump's bid to have the case delayed until after next year's White House election.
White House says it's a 'critical step' towards the responsible development of the technology.
The fire service has urged people to stay away from cliff edges following the landslide.
A resident filmed a twister in North Carolina tearing off a roof and tossing up debris in the air.
Many of Saturdays front pages focus on the three by-elections held on Thursday.
The BBC’s analysis editor looks at what is causing flight delays and cancellations.
Astonishing aerial footage reveals sharks are closer to us than we think – and usually leave us alone.
The singer described by Frank Sinatra as "the best in the business"
England goalkeeper Mary Earps says it is "hurtful" fans cannot buy a replica of her goalkeeping kit.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
What is London's Ultra Low Emission Zone and why is its expansion being discussed?
Columbus Zoo in Ohio says Sully, 8, was found cradling the unexpected newborn in her arms.
Businesses, charities or pubs wanting to use the late Queen's name are warned they need permission.
The detention of Ernest Moret was found to be at odds with the rights to freedom of expression and protest.
Tributes are paid to 19-year-old Grace O'Malley-Kumar who died after being stabbed in Nottingham.
The inquiry is waiting for some of the ex-PM's messages, due to problems accessing his old phone.
An inflatables manager admits safety breaches following the death of Ava-May Littleboy, three.
Officials warn this could be Greece's hottest July weekend in 50 years, with temperatures hitting 45C.
Authorities call off a search for a suspected big cat spotted near the German capital.
The animated children's classic film will now carry a "bad language" and "mild violence" warning.
David Hunter admitted suffocating his wife of 57 years at their home in Cyprus to end her suffering.
The Jacobite steam train seen in the Harry Potter films has been suspended by rail inspectors.
A video of the incident, which took place on 4 May in Manipur state, went viral on Wednesday and caused global outrage.
Hundreds of Tube staff were set to walk out from 23 to 28 July amid an ongoing dispute.
Filmmakers are using AI to generate short films and adverts. But are they any good?
Disabled activists initiate a legal bid over plans to close railway station ticket offices.
Research shows that house plants don't make much difference to air quality.
It comes months after young British men were urged not to hold bachelor parties in the Dutch capital.
Mark Wood strikes crucial late blows in England's battle against Australia and the Manchester weather in the fourth Ashes Test at Old Trafford.
American Brian Harman sets the clubhouse lead in round two of The Open, while Rory McIlroy moves under par at Royal Liverpool.
Watch highlights of day three of the fourth Ashes Test at Old Trafford as Mark Wood strikes crucial late blows in England's battle against Australia.
Kylian Mbappe is left out of Paris St-Germain's squad for their pre-season tour of Japan and South Korea.
Watch the best shots of round two at The Open, including a huge putt by Tommy Fleetwood and Rory McIlroy's brilliant bunker escape.
Brighton boss Roberto de Zerbi says he is planning to have midfielder Moises Caicedo in his team for next season amid transfer interest from Chelsea.
United States co-captain Lindsey Horan says the defending world champions want to send icon Megan Rapinoe "out on a high" by winning the Women's World Cup.
This summer sees the best female footballers in the world in action in Australia and New Zealand - but who are the biggest and best names to look out for?
BBC Sport's Liam Loftus challenges Lionesses including Ella Toone, Keira Walsh, Georgia Stanway and Katie Zelem to take on the beer mat flip challenge.
Greece's deputy fire chief says the island's fires are the most difficult his service is now facing.
A junior commander says lower-ranking mercenaries had no idea what was happening during the rebellion.
Russian-installed authorities halt railway services in Crimea and say Ukraine was behind a drone strike.
Bryony Duthie, 18, fell ill earlier this month while holidaying with family on the Costa Del Sol.
The Canadian province of Nova Scotia is experiencing its heaviest rain in half a century.
It may not have been a thrilling performance but England did what they needed to do in their opening Women's World Cup game against Haiti - win.
Strictly dancer Amy Dowden says she will not be able to perform in the competition this year.
A manhunt is underway after a man set fire to a bar after he was kicked out, officials say.
Voters going to the ballots say they are certain Hun Sen's ruling party will sweep all seats again.
"Still a long way to go," Labour leader says, after losing by-election dominated by climate policy.
Ffos-y-Fran produces two-thirds of the UK's coal and was supposed to close in September.
Actor Jamie Foxx speaks publicly for the first time since being hospitalised earlier this year.
England dodge the rain to take the vital wicket of Marnus Labuschagne but their Ashes hopes remain in the balance going into the final day of the fourth Test against Australia.
Sunday's front pages, like the weather, are a mixed bag - with concerns about net zero schemes and forecasts of storms ahead.
Married couple Megan and Harry Tooze were found shot dead in their cowshed.
A rare UK first edition featuring the author's inscriptions has been digitised and placed online.
An Iranian-German businessman on death row may have made his last phone call, his daughter fears.
A series of records on temperature, ocean heat, and Antarctic sea ice are "unprecedented", some scientists say.
Grace Carter was on the cusp of success when the pandemic stole her voice. Here's how she recovered.
At the Aspen Security Forum, the war in Ukraine is upper-most in the minds of policymakers.
Polyamory is on the rise in South Africa as people break with tradition, counsellors say.
The daily paper tickets will no longer be sold or accepted on Transport for London services.
The brewery says some of the cider has over-fermented causing some bottles to erupt.
Matty Healy launched a lengthy attack on Malaysia's laws, before kissing his band's bass player.
Allister Brown took on the challenge in memory of his late partner, who died from pancreatic cancer.
Influencers Whitney and Megan Bacon-Evans say same-sex couples face more barriers to treatment.
Welsh legend questions decision to stop choirs from singing his song at rugby matches.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The expansion of the service is expected to benefit more than 400,000 children this year.
Sir John Curtice assesses the outcome for the Conservative, Lib Dem and Labour leaders, after a night of contrasting results.
Could Glyndebourne's latest star, male soprano Samuel Mariño, bridge the opera gap?
Roger Jones, who almost died from a brain injury, recovered to be there for his daughter's wedding.
How football shirts became the garment of choice for festivalgoers.
Brian Harman maintains his stranglehold on The Open at Royal Liverpool despite Jon Rahm's record round of 63.
BBC Sport takes a look at what to expect from day four of the Fifa Women's World Cup, with Sweden facing South Africa, Netherlands playing Portugal and France taking on Jamaica.
Watch highlights as England take the vital wicket of Marnus Labuschagne to keep their Ashes hopes alive after a rain-soaked day four of the fourth Test against Australia.
Bruno Fernandes and Jadon Sancho score as Manchester United beat Premier League rivals Arsenal in front of 82,000 fans in New Jersey.
Scottie Scheffler, Jon Rahm and Rory McIlroy all feature in the selection of best shots from the third round of the Open Championship at Royal Liverpool.
Aston Villa sign France winger Moussa Diaby from Bayer Leverkusen for a reported club-record fee.
BBC Sport readers picked one of the Haiti players as the standout performer, despite England winning the Fifa Women's World Cup match between the two sides.
As rail fares increase, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
With one in five people now renting in the UK, it's important to understand your rights as a tenant.
Strikes and poor weather may cause disruption at airports, but passengers do have rights.
Popular Party leader Alberto Núñez Feijóo narrowly wins but is held back by left-wing parties.
Tourists describe their emergency evacuation and people being covered in ash on the Greek island.
The popular tourist island has started evacuations after 19,000 had to leave Rhodes.
Women tell the BBC about what they will miss from salons before they close on orders from the Taliban.
A viral video of an attack on two women in Manipur is encouraging other survivors to speak out.
Barbie has the year's most successful opening weekend for a film in the US and Canada, making $155m.
Russia is hammering Ukraine's port city of Odesa after quitting the grain deal. What happens now?
What to expect from day five of the Fifa Women's World Cup, with Italy facing Argentina, Germany playing Morocco and Brazil meeting Panama.
The party says it has agreed an ambitious programme without the need for new spending commitments.
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu had surgery to fit a pacemaker, days before a crucial vote on legal reforms.
Prime Minister Hun Sen's son is expected to take over within weeks of the vote.
The Twitter owner says he wants to replace the logo with an "X".
The singer hit his stride with advice from a stunt company based in Hertfordshire.
Monday's papers chronicle the plight of holidaymakers fleeing fires in Rhodes, and the Tory debate on green policies.
Families on the island have offered up their spare bedrooms and sofas to stranded holidaymakers.
An undercover BBC investigation finds drug gangs are using social media to recruit children.
We are in the midst of a technological revolution, but productivity has not improved.
The rain-ruined draw in the fourth Ashes Test was an anti-climax, but England must rouse themselves for the finale at The Oval, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
Charlie Mackesy says he is moved by the many touching moments he has had since publishing his book.
After a thrilling set, the trio tell the BBC that "bands like us only come along every 15 years".
UK inflation and interest rates are high but if you include growth, jobs and taxes its a mixed picture.
We tested Intel's new tool, "FakeCatcher", on videos of Donald Trump and Joe Biden - with mixed results.
The Tate showcases Africa's past, present and future through the lenses of artists from the continent.
As school holidays begin, experts warn people to be vigilant - with children under 14 most at risk.
Umme Kalsoom was spurred to make a change after she was expected to take off her hijab during PE.
The singer, who found major recording success in the 1960s, "died peacefully at home".
The band has cancelled upcoming concerts in Indonesia - where homosexuality is shunned - and Taiwan.
The Cornetto maker says it will comply with Russian law to permit staff to be conscripted.
Married couple Megan and Harry Tooze were found shot dead in their cowshed.
The Beatles guitarist is credited with helping the Hare Krishna movement to "take off" in Britain.
Competitors in the 50th Rolex Fastnet Race set off from Cowes on the Isle of Wight on Saturday.
More and more people are ditching their friends or family and exploring the world on their own.
The BBC presenter has spoken about his seriously ill father's decision to end his life, aged 92.
A group of Northern Ireland trawler men took part in a secret salvage mission to find a missing RAF plane.
The man was stretching from one car to another on the A1 in Lincolnshire for "banter", police say.
Locals run from burning houses as firefighters battle the wildfire flames on the Greek island.
Brian Harman overcomes an early wobble to stroll serenely to his first major title with a six-shot victory at the 151st Open Championship in Hoylake.
Zharnel Hughes breaks the British record for the men's 200m with a time of 19.73s at the London Diamond League.
Denmark's Jonas Vingegaard seals his second successive Tour de France triumph as Jordi Meeus sprints to a surprise win on the final stage.
Some of Europe's leading clubs believe there is a possibility Tottenham will sell striker Harry Kane this summer.
Zharnel Hughes reveals he again predicted his British record run after clocking 19.73 seconds in the 200m at the London Diamond League.
Watch Brian Harman's final round at Royal Liverpool as he wins his first major title with a six-shot victory at the 151st Open Championship.
The number living with serious health conditions will rise nine times faster than those of healthy working age.
A victim paid just £2 an hour describes her ordeal as investigators make the care industry a "top priority".
Up to 10,000 UK nationals are estimated to be on the Greek island, which is being ravaged by wildfires.
A look a George Alagiah's life, from his birth in Sri Lanka to Africa and the Six O'Clock News in London.
For the first time since 2011, Spotify confirms a price hike for about 200m ad-free subscribers.
Thousands of people scan their irises on first official launch day of "dystopian" crypto project.
The BBC says sorry to Nigel Farage over its report about the closure of his account at private bank Coutts.
Staff at 37 NHS trusts in England will walk out over pay, from 08:00 on Tuesday.
A bill which has caused uproar becomes law as protesters face water cannon outside parliament.
A video of a mum shouting as officers handcuff her in front of her son is criticised on social media.
A former adviser to Boris Johnson joins the House of Lords as its youngest member.
The plans would have required many frontline officers and staff to remove beards and moustaches.
The climate activist was removed from a protest shortly after being fined over a previous incident.
Tuesday's papers lead on BBC presenter George Alagiah's death and Britons trapped in Greek wildfires.
Banned for a century because of filthy water, bathing is to resume in parts of the river in Paris.
UK drivers are being told to prepare for an all-electric future, but there are bumps in the road ahead.
As tourists evacuate, the wildfires have come at great personal cost to the Greek island's residents.
Some airlines are continuing to fly to the islands but can you cancel your flight and get a refund?
The government plans to make it easier to convert commercial properties into homes.
Intimacy co-ordinators, improvisation and stable employment - are video games getting like TV shows?
An undercover BBC investigation finds drug gangs are using social media to recruit children.
A viral video of an attack on two women is encouraging other survivors to come forward.
Children at a dance school in Manchester show the BBC's John Maguire their moves.
Greta Gerwig's Barbie and Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer took £30m on their opening weekend in the UK.
The BBC's Azadeh Moshiri describes what it's like for people waiting at Rhodes airport.
Recent political upheaval has impacted party's efforts to tackle discrimination, independent review finds.
The mum of a girl who died due to toxic air says children's health should be the focus of debate.
UK competition watchdog will investigate unregulated legal services following complaints.
The attacks targeted grain for export along the Danube just across from the Nato member state.
Harrowing victim accounts of the disaster have been read in court before transport bosses sentenced.
The government is relaxing planning rules further as it faces an uphill struggle to meet housing targets.
Watch Brazil's Bia Zaneratto score a "sublime" goal to put her side three goals ahead as they take on Panama at the Fifa Women's World Cup in Hindmarsh.
Saudi Arabian side Al-Hilal are given permission to speak to Kylian Mbappe after making a world record £259m bid for the Paris St-Germain forward.
Trevor Francis' legacy far more than becoming Britain's first £1m footballer.
Geva Mentor and Jade Clarke have played for England for more than 20 years, seeing netball's profile rise and rise. But, as retirement beckons, one final goal remains...
In 1979, Trevor Francis became Britain's first £1m player, when Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough signed him from Birmingham City.
Why was there no reserve day at the Ashes Test? And what else can be done when it rains at the cricket?
Liane Lippert wins a sprint for the line as the German claims victory on the second stage of the Tour de France Femmes.
Former Crystal Palace winger Wilfried Zaha joins Turkish side Galatasaray after leaving the Eagles at the end of his contract in June.
The award-winning journalist was a respected fixture on British TV news for more than three decades.
Despite increasingly grim news from medics, his spirit remained indomitable - writes his friend.
You always walked away from him liking the human race more - writes his friend and colleague.
George Alagiah, the "fearless" and "kind" BBC reporter and author, has died of cancer aged 67.
George Alagiah, one of the BBC's longest-serving and most respected journalists, has died at 67.
Members of the RMT union at 14 rail companies will walk out during the summer holiday for many UK schools.
Dame Alison Rose admitted a "serious error" in talking about Nigel Farage's relationship with its private banking arm Coutts.
British billionaire Joe Lewis is indicted in the US over an alleged insider trading scheme.
Requests to view each rental property have more than tripled in four years as competition rises.
The Greek air force pilots had been responding to a wildfire near Platanistos on the island of Evia.
Connor Gibson has been convicted of sexually assaulting and killing his 16-year-old sister in 2021.
All exercise is good for blood pressure but research suggests strength training is most effective.
Rishi Sunak is expected to answer questions on why bereaved families have not received compensation.
Six of the 10 suspects are convicted of terrorist murder for the twin bombings that killed 32 people.
Flare-ups overnight have caused the flames to spread to new areas on the island.
After being freed last year in a prisoner exchange with Russia, Trevor Reed is injured in Ukraine.
Dewi George accepted speeding points on behalf of his son, who was later involved in a fatal crash.
The consumer goods giant sees profits rise by a fifth based almost entirely on increasing its prices.
The comedian who brought a whole new meaning to the term "one-man show" is returning to the Edinburgh Fringe.
The US is at a critical stage to negotiate the soldier's release, experts say.
The team has overcome gaping inequalities in Australia’s game to find success, those in the sport say.
Qin Gang disappeared from his usual duties in June, sparking speculation he may have strayed politically.
A rare glimpse of a fractured conflict where the young are stalked by war and hunger.
People from the Indo-Caribbean community tell BBC Asian Network their stories aren't often heard.
The ex-Love Island host says she is exploring "uncomfortable" topics in her new documentary series.
Rebrands can pay off - but it's a risky move to replace a famous icon at an organisation in turmoil.
UK drivers are being told to prepare for an all-electric future, but there are bumps in the road ahead.
With no air con, a former prisoner describes lying in toilet water to survive brutal heat.
A parrot greeted its rescuer with 'hello' after being chased by peregrine falcons.
The iconic pair were a limited edition made in the 1990s only for employees.
The microblogging firm pauses removal of its name at San Francisco HQ after changing its brand to X.
The party says it will keep a requirement for a medical diagnosis to change legal sex if it wins power.
The SM UC-55 submarine which was sank in 1917 was identified by a team divers on Friday.
For the first time since 2011, the firm lifts the cost of a single-account premium subscription.
Locals affected by singer Matty Healy's protest say it did their cause more harm than good.
Policing 515 protests since April is costing the equivalent of 23,500 officer shifts, the Met says.
The question is released to mark the 110th anniversary of Cambridge University's English exams.
The work was recently confirmed to be by the Renaissance artist after work by two university teams.
Scientists say the heatwaves seen in Europe, the US and China in July are no longer unusual.
About 2,000 roles will go by the end of this year during what could be a "difficult" time, the firm says.
The British actor's body was recovered in June, months after he'd gone missing in the mountains.
Former Sheffield Wednesday and Nottingham Forest midfielder Chris Bart-Williams dies aged 49.
Banned for a century because of filthy water, bathing is to resume in parts of the river.
Police use water cannon to break up mass demonstrations as a controversial law is passed.
Tregonning Hill includes Bronze Age burial mounds, an Iron Age hillfort and a war memorial.
Thousands of people watch John Donaldson, 32, clearing rubbish from his local forest.
Social media posts are targeting people in problem debt with a product that could leave them worse off.
It's this summer's headline transfer saga, but after a world record bid, where will Kylian Mbappe end up?
Bronny James, the eldest son of basketball great LeBron James, is in a stable condition after suffering a cardiac arrest, says a family spokesperson.
Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino says Conor Gallagher is still in his plans after the club reject a reported £40m bid from West Ham.
Watch highlights as New Zealand miss a golden opportunity to edge closer to the knockout stages as the Philippines defeat New Zealand to become the first debutants to pick up a win at the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup.
Emma Raducanu's approach of regularly changing coaches is "probably going to be like that for the rest of her career", says her agent.
Rasmus Hojlund is being heavily linked with Manchester United - but what type of player is he, and what are his stats?
After being described as a "horrible team to play against", can the Republic of Ireland shock Canada in the Women's World Cup?
Maps, satellite images and before and after pictures show the extent of wildfires across Greece.
BBC reporter Azadeh Moshiri speaks about a fire spreading in southern Rhodes and being exacerbated by the wind.
Some airlines are continuing to fly to the islands but can you cancel your flight and get a refund?
Wildfires continue to cause chaos on Rhodes, as tourists are evacuated.
Palermo’s airport was shut down overnight as wildfires burned around its perimeter.
The Nothing Compares 2 U singer sold millions of albums and was praised for her activism.
The president's son was expected to plead guilty to tax charges in a deal that would spare him prison.
Last year's record breaking heat, driven by climate change, gives a snapshot of the UK's future weather.
The Oscar-winning actor cried in court as he was cleared of all nine charges by a jury in London.
Andrew Malkinson, who served 17 years in prison, says he feels he had been "kidnapped by the state".
A $300m bond for Tottenham Hotspur tycoon Joe Lewis is secured by his luxury boat and private jets.
Elite troops have detained the president - now they are closing the West African state's borders.
One person died as fire took hold of the ship as it burned off the Dutch island of Ameland.
The US central bank offered few firm clues as to what it might do next.
The TV chef has been asked to change his behaviour after complaints about his treatment of staff.
Four people are injured in midtown Manhattan as crane working on a 50-storey building falls.
The 81-year-old senator abruptly stops speaking before Republican colleagues escorted him away.
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson confirms he is leaving the club after 12 years, before an expected move to Saudi club Al-Ettifaq.
Thursday's papers lead on the death of Irish singing legend Sinéad O'Connor at the age of 56.
The shaven-headed Irish singer's turbulent life often threatened to overwhelm her music.
Witnesses testify to lawmakers about unidentified phenomena amid calls for openness.
The American Beauty and Usual Suspects actor found his career derailed by a string of allegations.
The basketball legend's son Bronny James suffered a cardiac arrest on Monday.
Nigel Farage claims "tens of thousands" have their bank accounts closed due to their politics.
The BBC's analysis editor Ros Atkins answers key questions about Dame Alison Rose's resignation.
American fans flocked to see League Two's Hollywood club face Premier League giants Chelsea and Manchester United.
A new paper says its collapse could be imminent, but other scientists have serious reservations.
As Taylor Swift's UK Eras tour sells out, fans turn to what they will wear when they see her in concert.
A US soldier who crossed into North Korea is the subject of frantic diplomacy to secure his return.
The comedian who brought a whole new meaning to the term "one-man show" is returning to the Edinburgh Fringe.
Picking a football team isn't as simple as a line on a map for people living in Northern Ireland.
Qin Gang disappeared from his usual duties in June, sparking speculation he may have strayed politically.
The promotional video is dropped after viewers also spotted stock footage from Russia and Ukraine.
Georgia Harrison says she will donate some of the money to charities over the incident in 2020.
Katie McCabe scores the Republic of Ireland's first Women's World Cup goal, direct from a corner, against Canada in Perth.
Requests to view each rental property have more than tripled in four years as competition rises.
A day after the ceremony, Victoria Forbes and Mark Lyons climbed the Inaccessible Pinnacle.
The ex-UKIP leader says the whole board should go as the row over his account closure escalates.
Sharon Osbourne was among those in Birmingham to see the bull - named after her husband Ozzy.
The long-running comic book features guest appearances from Adele, Harry Styles and Stormzy.
John Howard's remark comes ahead of a historic referendum on Indigenous recognition.
The US Embassy in Ireland issues a security awareness alert after a tourist was assaulted last week.
All exercise is good for blood pressure but research suggests strength training is most effective.
The public now has until 1 September to respond to the plan to shut hundreds of rail ticket offices.
The walkout in England, beginning at 07:00 on 11 August, is the fifth round of strikes this year.
Republic of Ireland captain Katie McCabe says she is "heartbroken" after Canada recover from a goal down to knock her side out of the World Cup.
Spain's Teresa Abelleira fires her side into the lead with a spectacular 25-yard strike against Zambia at the Fifa Women's World Cup in Auckland.
Jofra Archer is "on course" to help England defend their 50-over World Cup trophy in October, Sussex head coach Paul Farbrace says.
It is a recreation of the 2019 Women's World Cup final as USA face the Netherlands in one of the most eye-catching clashes of the group stages in Australia and New Zealand.
All 10 Formula 1 teams will have one driver they have chosen in the all-female F1 Academy from next year.
Yara Kastelijn claims her first WorldTour win with victory on stage four of the Tour de France Femmes.
With one in five people now renting in the UK, it's important to understand your rights as a tenant.
Use our interactive tool to find out what the average rent is in your area.
A group of charities wants the government to speed up plans to overhaul private renting in England.
Jenny Hill reports from the village of Vati in Rhodes, as fires continue to spread across the region.
Maps, satellite images and before and after pictures show the extent of wildfires across Greece.
Wildfires cause chaos in Europe and North Africa, in the extreme summer heat.
UN chief says we are in an "era of global boiling" as July set to be world's warmest month on record.
With July "virtually certain" to be the warmest month on record, BBC Weather has this analysis.
Many carriers do not follow official guidance on reduced prices for care assistants, the BBC finds.
Ukraine's armed forces say they are solidifying positions after an advance east of Zaporizhzhia.
Thousands of dead and sick seabirds are being washed up along the UK's coastline as avian flu spreads.
Dangerous allergic reactions led to more than 25,000 hospital stays in the year up to March 2023.
A revised indictment in the Mar-a-Lago classified files case adds new charges against Donald Trump.
Police say she was found "unresponsive" and "pronounced dead at the scene" in London at 11:18 BST.
The tech giant claims millions of people were sent a warning before the deadly earthquake earlier this year.
Ukrainian fencer Olga Kharlan is disqualified from the World Fencing Championships for refusing to shake hands with Russian Anna Smirnova.
The army chief gives his backing to the soldiers who took President Mohamed Bazoum captive.
LeBron James says his family is "together, safe and healthy", as son Bronny, 18, is discharged from hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest.
Many of Friday's front pages lead on the UN's warning that the world is in its "global boiling" era.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
From Chris Whitty T-shirts to Liz Truss birthday cards, merch inspired by politics is ever more inventive.
Police believe the remains of four indigenous women murdered by a serial killer were dumped in a landfill.
Indians from the LGBT community still face discrimination and violence, sometimes from their own families.
Weather forecasters wrongly accused of using misleading data to "drive fear".
Money for "board and lodging" in jail is sometimes deducted from former prisoners' compensation.
The hijab police are back on the streets after nearly a year, but protesters are emboldened.
Russians use layers of mines to prevent Ukraine's advance on the southern front.
One of the few democracies left in the Sahel, Niger now faces military rule just like its neighbours.
Big tech firms like IBM are no longer asking for degrees when hiring staff.
The Mediterranean wildfires have killed dozens in Algeria and left Tunisian homes and business in ashes.
A historian and biographer now says "no-one is interested" in her plan to honour John Merrick.
Peter Flavel resigns as the boss of the private bank over the handling of Nigel Farage's bank account closure.
She says the off-duty officer flashed his badge to try to avoid being thrown out of the show.
A judge rules that a High Court trial over the Duke of Sussex's privacy breach claims can go ahead.
The Monkeys are nominated for a record fifth time, in a shortlist that otherwise focuses on London.
Two mothers were bereaved in extraordinary circumstances - and vowed to keep fighting for the truth.
Relaxed licensing rules brought in during Covid in England and Wakes will soon come to an end.
The retailer says crime levels in its stores have shot up by more than one third over the past year.
A planned four-day walkout from Friday is cancelled after revised pay offers are accepted.
Employees went against customers' wishes 11,643 times last year to help stop millions being lost to fraud.
The English National Opera is given a deadline extension of several years to move out of London.
Rising prices drive down the value of summer-holiday help for pupils on free school meals.
Eleven kittens born in captivity could help bring wildcats back from 'brink of extinction' in Scotland.
The findings "provide evidence of a leading role for a woman in warfare on Iron Age Scilly".
The rapper's spectacular show at the Egyptian landmark is officially cancelled at the last minute.
Efforts are continuing to contain blazes in a number of Mediterranean countries.
The comments come as Mattel reported a 12% fall in sales for the three months to the end of June.
Myanmar's civilian leader is serving a 33-year jail sentence after being ousted in a military coup.
The historic royal tradition of "swan upping" reveals a sharp decline in swan young on the River Thames.
Sir Richard Branson and activists have called on authorities to spare Saridewi Djamani.
A charity says batteries for e-bikes should require third-party approval before being sold in the UK.
The aviation regulator is concerned passengers have not been compensated properly for disrupted flights.
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg expresses pride in the launch of his new social media app.
There will be 5,000 more beds and better planning, but fears remain about staffing and funding.
Locals in northern Algeria take stock after fires destroy homes and char large areas.
Justice Secretary Alex Chalk urges the regulator to use the "full force of sanctions" at its disposal.
Captain Lindsey Horan comes to the rescue of defending champions the United States after the Netherlands threaten an upset at the Women's World Cup.
Under Thai ownership the club won the Premier League before dropping out of English football's top tier.
Neil Robinson says the £400 fine will make him reconsider his attitude to recycling.
Harry Brook could have a similar impact for England as Kevin Pietersen, says former captain Michael Vaughan.
Jordan Henderson has joined Saudi Arabian club Al-Ettifaq, leaving much of the LGBTQ+ community disappointed in the former Liverpool captain.
England face a battle to level the Ashes after Australia enjoy the better of the first day of the fifth Test at The Oval.
Follow automated live text updates from Friday's Women's World Cup game between Argentina and South Africa.
Brighton reject an £80m bid for midfielder Moises Caicedo from Premier League rivals Chelsea.
England midfielder Keira Walsh says she feels more responsibility on the pitch under manager Sarina Wiegman.
Hibernian suffer a calamitous defeat at the hands of Andorran side Inter Club d'Escaldes in the first leg of their Europa Conference League second qualifying round tie.
Striking shots from the life and career of the late singer and activist.
The shaven-headed Irish singer's turbulent life often threatened to overwhelm her music.
Irish singer and activist Sinéad O'Connor has died aged 56.
The star took an obscure Prince song and made it her own, much to his apparent displeasure.
The star's original version of the song was recorded six years before Sinead O'Connor made it a hit.
With weak competition adding to fuel prices, are drivers doing the right things to save money?
As recorded cases of sexual abuse hit a new high, Poppy tells how she helped jail her grandfather.
A search and rescue mission is under way after the military aircraft crashed off Lindeman Island.
People will not be able to use standard stamps without a barcode after Monday 31 July, says Royal Mail.
Members of the RMT union at 14 rail companies are walking out on Saturday over pay and conditions.
Andrew Griffith's comments come after PM Rishi Sunak refused to back Sir Howard Davies.
Video of the dachshund being abducted from her home by a burglar went viral on social media.
Ukraine will now mark Christmas Day on 25 December - the latest step to distance itself from Russia.
Gen Abdourahmane Tchiani takes to the airwaves in military fatigues after staging a dramatic coup.
Ukrainian fencer Olga Kharlan is handed a spot in the Olympics and has her World Championships ban lifted following her refusal to shake hands with Russian Anna Smirnova.
Dua Lipa, Lizzo, Nicki Minaj and Billie Eilish bring the Kenergy on the film's star-studded album.
Many of the papers focus on the battles within the Tory and Labour parties over their green policies.
Steve Rosenberg has written a score to chart life in Russia since its full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
A rare glimpse inside a 19th Century island structure, disturbed only by gulls and creeping weeds.
Russia has started targeting Ukraine's alternative routes for exporting its grain.
The UK's largest untapped oil field is off the coast of Shetland. Is there an alternative to drilling for more oil?
With July "virtually certain" to be the warmest month on record, BBC Weather has this analysis.
After the elected president is overthrown, here’s why it matters for the region, Russia and the West.
Police believe the remains of four indigenous women murdered by a serial killer were dumped in a landfill.
What is London's Ultra Low Emission Zone and why is its expansion being discussed?
Ukraine's counter-offensive appears to be intensifying along sections of the front line but Kyiv warns progress will remain slow.
He has been indicted twice and, with other investigations ongoing, more charges could be on the way.
A robbery suspect in Ohio is arrested after falling from a bank's roof into a bin in front of police officers.
It comes after the presenter was asked to change his behaviour following complaints made to ITV.
Nobel Prize-winning economist Ben Bernanke will look at how the Bank of England forecasts the economy
Judges said the accused extorted money from people taking repatriation flights during the Covid pandemic.
Residents escape by boat and the air force evacuates fighter planes as an ammunition depot explodes.
The Runnymede Trust says the force must address "the issue of institutional racism head on".
Turkey requests to merge their bid to host Euro 2032 with Italy, potentially boosting the UK and Ireland's chances of hosting the tournament in 2028.
Yorkshire are deducted 48 points in the County Championship and fined £400,000 over the Azeem Rafiq racism scandal.
Sir Howard Davies says the bank, which is 39% owned by the taxpayer, has "the support of our main shareholder".
The Israeli-Lebanon front line holds ever-present risks of a new and devastating conflict.
Reviews say the film, one of the last of this year's summer blockbusters, is "unexpectedly funny".
Many carriers do not follow official guidance on reduced prices for care assistants, the BBC finds.
Saridewi Djamani, 45, was found guilty of trafficking 30g of heroin in 2018.
A man in the US has filmed three humpback whales breaching in almost perfect synchronisation off the coast of Massachusetts.
Tickets are expected to go on sale on 9 August for a series of shows in Sin City later this year.
England bowler James Anderson says he is ignoring any calls to retire because he "has a lot more to give".
Max Verstappen sets the fastest time in Belgian Grand Prix qualifying but a grid penalty means Ferrari's Charles Leclerc will start from pole position.
Lauren James is the player everyone is excited about following her performance in England's victory over Denmark.
England make a winning start to the Netball World Cup, dominating a Barbados team featuring two of their former team-mates.
England's final Ashes Test against Australia hangs in the balance after a compelling battle for control on the second day at The Oval.
Manchester United reject a £20m bid from West Ham for their England defender Harry Maguire.
Watch all the angles of Lauren James' "sensational" goal to give England the lead against Denmark at the Fifa Women's World Cup 2023.
England midfielder Keira Walsh was taken off the pitch on a stretcher in the 38th minute during the World Cup match against Denmark.
China enjoy a first win at the 2023 Women's World Cup as they beat Haiti, despite playing for over an hour with 10 players.
Friendship bracelet making, colouring in and coffee art - just some of the activities which are keeping the Lionesses busy in their home from home in New South Wales.
Millie Bright opens up about her experiences with childhood illness, being made England captain and what drives the Lionesses, ahead of Friday's game against Denmark.
China's women's national team is a source of pride under a system that lavishes resources on men.
As rail fares increase, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
England bowler Stuart Broad says he will retire after the conclusion of the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval.
The prime minister is facing calls from some Conservative MPs to rethink certain green policies.
James Gallagher spends the day in the heat lab to see what summer heatwaves do to the body.
The US State Department is aware of reports and is in 'regular contact' with Haitian authorities.
The man, in his 30s, died in hospital following the crash on Friday night in Barnsley, police say.
Obe, a 25-year-old horse, slipped and fell in southern California where firefighters came to his rescue.
It comes after the US declared its "unflagging support" for ousted president Mohamed Bazoum.
At key Iowa dinner only one Republican opponent challenged Trump head on - and he was roundly booed.
A man wrongly imprisoned for 17 years may have to pay back savings he made on living costs while in prison.
Laura Mackenzie is taking legal action against Police Scotland after her job offer was withdrawn.
Mr Trump alleged that the US cable network's use of the phrase likened him to Adolf Hitler.
About half of the usual services are expected to run, with some finishing much earlier than usual.
At least three children have died and 115 seriously injured after a warehouse blast on the Malaysian border.
Many of Sunday's papers focus on prime minister Rishi Sunak's green policies.
Musk is an admirer of Chinese mega-app WeChat, which combines messaging, social media, finances, dating, and more.
With shoplifting on the rise, we speak to some people about why they do it and others about their experiences facing it.
How rule changes and financial independence is helping unmarried women to keep their babies.
Nottingham Forest fan, wannabe rapper and terrible golf chipper, this is Stuart Broad by those who know him best.
A rare glimpse inside a 19th Century island structure disturbed only by gulls and creeping weeds.
The UK's largest untapped oil field is off the coast of Shetland. Is there an alternative to drilling for more oil?
A Taiwanese businessman's ordeal in China has underscored escalating tensions.
After the elected president is overthrown, here’s why it matters for the region, Russia and the West.
Campaigners hope to remember forgotten tailor Ada Nield Chew by building a statue of her in Crewe.
The city is continuing the relationship built by hosting Eurovision earlier this year.
The Prime Minister told the BBC the expansion would put "a burden on hard-working families".
Chris Lewis clocked up 19,000 miles, fell in love, got engaged and had a child during his trek.
The activity equivalent to a 2.3 Magnitude quake beats a previous record set by fans celebrating a touchdown.
Emergency services including a mountain rescue helicopter were sent to Coire a' Bhasteir on Skye.
Joan Scott had to have her legs amputated when she became trapped under a bus in Wallsend.
A mum tells of fears for children's health and safety because of damp and mould.
The videos on TikTok, since taken down, showed an animated version of the murdered two-year-old.
Sudha Murty's life has been under increased scrutiny since son-in-law Rishi Sunak became PM of Britain.
Navy Roberts is the daughter of the president's son Hunter, who was recently sued for child support.
Local media reports the animal escaped from a circus but has since been returned.
The news comes as the world continues to grapple with the loss of species linked to climate change.
More than 1,000 athletes who've received a donated organ compete at the Transplant Games this weekend.
Video of the dachshund being abducted from her home by a burglar went viral on social media.
Police say debris has been found after the military aircraft crashed off Lindeman Island.
Few England cricketers have created memorable moments, fed off the crowd or enjoyed the battle like the retiring Stuart Broad, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Rasmus Hojlund is set to sign for Manchester United - but what type of player is he, and what are his stats?
England give themselves a golden opportunity to level the Ashes series with a joyful batting display on the third day of the fifth Test against Australia at The Oval.
Max Verstappen passes McLaren's Oscar Piastri to win an incident-packed wet sprint race at the Belgian Grand Prix.
England give themselves a golden opportunity to level the Ashes series with a joyful batting display on the third day of the fifth Test against Australia at The Oval.
England bowler Stuart Broad tells BBC Sport he wanted to go out on a high following his announcement he will retire after the conclusion of the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval.
England overcome a nervy start to maintain a perfect record at this Netball World Cup with a 62-39 win over Malawi in Pool B.
It is a relief that Keira Walsh's knee injury is not her ACL but her World Cup is still in the balance, says England's record goalscorer and BBC Sport pundit Ellen White.
Jamaica win their first-ever Fifa Women's World Cup match as Allyson Swaby's goal gives them victory over Panama in Perth.
Captain Wendie Renard scores a late headed winner as France beat Brazil in a thrilling Group F game in Brisbane at the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup.
Ukraine's president speaks of an inevitable process, hours after buildings were hit in the Russian capital.
Police say they have found evidence of a suicide attack at a rally organised by an Islamist party.
The prime minister is expected to announce millions of pounds of funding for a carbon capture project.
The 96-year-old was one of thousands on waiting lists for carers and says she felt "imprisoned".
Refugees and activists tell the BBC intimidation tactics are tearing apart Uyghur communities overseas.
The online marketplace has come under fire for putting 75% of sellers' takings on hold for 45 days.
West African leaders set a seven-day deadline for the junta to reinstate the ousted president.
The Danish government is exploring banning protests destroying holy texts over security concerns.
Anna Semenenko was struck off after a panel found her to be "unsafe and ineffective".
Deadly clashes broke out between rival factions in Ein el-Hilweh refugee camp over the weekend.
Boxer Tommy Fury will face YouTuber KSI in a bout at Manchester's AO Arena on 14 October.
The woman was involved in an altercation with the occupants of a black Mercedes which led to a crash
England are frustrated by Australia's strong start to a chase of 384 before rain wiped out half of the fourth day of the final Ashes Test at The Oval.
A range of stories appear on Monday's front pages, including reaction to a drone attack in Moscow.
Will the European heatwave and wildfires spell the end of British holidays to hot places?
Born without arms, French horn player Felix Klieser uses his feet to plays.
The sister of schizophrenic Adam Merritt, who killed their father, believes her brother was let down.
Women give the BBC harrowing accounts of rape by fighters, as conflict rages in the country.
As concerns about climate change continue wind-powered shipping is making a comeback.
The distinctive yellow planes and their pilots play a crucial role in rugged Mediterranean regions.
Morocco defender Nouhaila Benzina becomes the first player to wear a hijab at a Women's World Cup.
Members of the Aslef train drivers union are starting another week-long overtime ban on Monday.
Eagle Pass is the front line in a showdown over migrants between Texas and the federal government.
Many of Sunday's papers focus on prime minister Rishi Sunak's green policies.
An evacuation order is in place for towns near the US border as fires there swirl out of control.
Cambridge University says the "Stormzy effect" has increased applications from UK black students.
Max Verstappen was in imperious form as he came from sixth on the grid to win the Belgian Grand Prix.
An infrastructure watchdog gives the project a "red" warning, raising issues over budgets and schedules.
Farmer Lee Wilson says he secretly planted 80 acres of the flowers as a 50th anniversary gift.
Tom Daley will return to diving after a two-year break and bid for a place at Paris 2024.
A sea search was launched after reports that someone was swept off rocks while fishing.
Obe, a 25-year-old horse, slipped and fell in southern California where firefighters came to his rescue.
Police renew an appeal for information after two girls, aged 13 and 16, were shot at a party.
The US rapper was accused of violating the rules on the social media platform now known as X.
The US State Department is aware of reports and is in 'regular contact' with Haitian authorities.
Terence Crawford dismantles Errol Spence Jr to become the four-belt era's first undisputed welterweight champion in Las Vegas.
Michael Vaughan says Australia are "slight favourites" to win the fifth Ashes Test, but will there be a Stuart Broad fairytale as the 2023 series concludes?
Max Verstappen is toying with Formula 1 at the moment as he canters towards a third straight drivers' title, writes Andrew Benson.
Manuela Vanegas scores a 97th-minute winner as Colombia stun Germany 2-1 at the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup.
England are frustrated by Australia's strong start to a chase of 384 before rain wipes out half of the fourth day of the final Ashes Test at The Oval.
Favourites living up to their billing, empty seats and mid-match interviews - what have we learned from the preliminary stage of the Netball World Cup?
Watch the highlights as Colombia score a late goal to win a thrilling Women's World Cup game against Germany.
Chelsea beat Fulham to win the Premier League Summer Series as Aston Villa and Brentford played out an exciting 3-3 draw in Washington.
Morocco defender Nouhaila Benzina makes history by becoming the first player to wear a hijab at a World Cup.
Co-hosts New Zealand are knocked out of the Fifa Women's World Cup as Switzerland get the draw they need to advance as Group A winners.
With key midfielder Keira Walsh ruled out through injury, how might England replace her at the Women's World Cup?
Spain have overcome a rebellion and, according to reports, boredom to become one of the first teams to qualify for the last 16 at the Women's World Cup.
Working families on universal credit can claim more of their childcare costs from Wednesday.
The 6.5% pay rise will increase the average teacher's salary by £2,500, one union says.
At least six people, including a 10-year-old girl, die in the Ukrainian president's home city of Kryvyi Rih.
Stuart Broad ends his glittering career by bowling England to another dramatic victory in the fifth Test against Australia to leave a memorable Ashes series level at 2-2.
People with enough money to rent affordable housing are being told their incomes are too low.
Leaked documents show businessman went on a spending spree and left a council effectively bankrupt.
The star was reportedly found dead at his family home in California a week after burying his father.
The prime minister says the decision is "entirely consistent" with the UK's net zero commitments.
David Hunter "can't describe" how freedom feels after killing wife Janice in an assisted suicide.
Some drier weather is expected eventually - but it won't be anytime too soon.
The UK's financial regulator says it will take "robust action" if banks offer unjustifiably low rates.
Nigel Farage says the bank has offered to reinstate both his personal and business accounts.
A triumphant Stuart Broad features on Tuesday's front pages, reflecting on England's final Test win.
Supporters of the military who seized power in Niger last week have been showing their support for Russia.
The group stages of the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup are approaching the sharp end - and there is still plenty to be decided. Here's what each team needs in order to qualify.
The world's second largest economy is putting controls on gallium and germanium exports.
Will the European heatwave and wildfires spell the end of British holidays to hot places?
The government is offering energy firms North Sea permits but what do they allow them to do?
The BBC is given exclusive access to a team of elite Ukrainian snipers on night raids near Bakhmut.
The sister of Adam Merritt, who had schizophrenia and killed their father, believes he was let down.
Refugees and activists tell the BBC intimidation tactics are tearing apart Uyghur communities overseas.
Capturing the warming gas CO2 and storing it under the North Sea is an important part of the UK's energy strategy
To meet climate change targets, more of the UK's energy needs to come from low-carbon sources.
Members of the Aslef train drivers union are starting another week-long overtime ban on Monday.
A small plane was left floating upside down in the water after an emergency landing caused it to flip.
A social media monitoring group says legal threats sent by X Corp are an attempt to "silence criticism".
Italian authorities are failing to protect the city from over tourism and climate change, Unesco says.
Paul Reubens, who portrayed the children's TV and film character, had privately been fighting cancer.
The BBC's James Waterhouse watches on as work to remove a huge Soviet-era symbol begins in Kyiv.
The founder of Afghanistan’s National Institute of Music likened the move to "cultural genocide".
The rapper was reacting to having a drink hit her on stage while she was performing.
The prime minister's last attempt at a foreign break was cut short by the death of the late Queen.
A curtain of bubbles is catching plastic waste in Amsterdam.
The composer was behind the music for programmes such as House of Cards and Foyle's War.
The three activists ran on to the pitch during the second Ashes Test match of the summer.
National Highways says its payment website is experiencing high demand after an update.
The 64-year-old spent several days in intensive care while receiving treatment for an infection.
Police are investigating who discharged the noxious substance in a Doncaster venue.
Wallingford Town Council launches a poster campaign after reports of the birds stealing food.
The rescue was shown on Chinese state TV as devastating floods hit Hebei province.
Superfans are spending the day watching their favourite movies and dressing up.
The death toll is expected to rise as police look at the possibility of a suicide attack.
Sean McQuaid pushed Riley Pathman for 26 miles in two hours, 35 minutes and 26 seconds.
Japan's Hinata Miyazawa races clear and fires her side into the lead in the 12th minute in their Group C decider against Spain at the Women's World Cup.
A housing association chairman is confident mistakes will not be repeated after Awaab Ishak's death.
Fred Ames, who fought in the Battle of Anzio in Italy, describes himself as a "survivor".
Scientists hope a computer system will learn to automatically identify bee species from buzzes picked up by autonomous recording stations
Overdoses among people taking 'benzos' are understood to have increased.
Postage stamps without a barcode will no longer be valid for use after Monday.
The 96-year-old was one of thousands on waiting lists for carers and says she felt "imprisoned".
Defence minister said significant wreckage found points to a catastrophic incident.
Nick Timothy resigned as the former PM's joint chief of staff shortly after the 2017 election.
Mohamed Bazoum meets Chad's president, as Niger's junta says France is planning military intervention.
The attack on a rally organised by an Islamist party comes ahead of elections due later this year.
England win an incredible fifth Test by 49 runs to level the Ashes series at 2-2 as Stuart Broad takes the final two wickets in a fairytale ending to his cricket career at The Oval.
Sarina Wiegman says England are "strong enough" to navigate their way through the Women's World Cup despite losing midfielder Keira Walsh.
Stuart Broad says he will leave cricket with "pure joy and happiness" after taking the final two wickets as England drew the Ashes with a 49-run victory.
Brazil midfielder Fabinho completes a move to Saudi Arabian club Al-Ittihad from Liverpool on a three-year deal.
Stuart Broad switches the bails at the bowler's end and immediately has Todd Murphy caught behind on a thrilling day five of the fifth Ashes Test at The Oval.
England come through a physical test to beat Tonga 72-46 and start the second pool phase of the Netball World Cup with an improved display.
Australia captain Pat Cummins says his side "fell a little short of the goal" despite being proud of his players for retaining the Ashes.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
A by-election will now be held after almost 12,000 of her constituents signed a recall petition.
The building in Russia's capital was struck in a drone attack for the second time in two days
Lauren James produces a sensational performance as England sweep aside China to book their place in the last 16 of the Women's World Cup.
Casting scout Eléonore Hendricks recalls the night-time stroll that propelled Angus Cloud to fame.
The prime minister was challenged about changes that will see alcohol duty rise overall.
The rating agency Fitch says it expects a deterioration in the government's finances over three years.
The Met Office confirms July has been been one of the wettest on record - and there's more to come.
Dagmar Turner played the violin while surgeons were removing a brain tumour in January 2020.
Two men in suits and a woman wearing a dress target a store in a street full of luxury jewellery shops.
Colleagues of Commander John Holmes were planning to toast his retirement after 42 years of service.
Khawaja Asif's remarks reflect ingrained attitudes in Pakistan society, but women are pushing back.
More sporting success in Wednesday's papers as England roar into the World Cup knockout stages.
The full Moon appeared bigger and brighter than usual as it lit up night skies on Tuesday night.
Regional leaders have threatened military action against the junta if it refuses to give up power.
"Unfortunately, I think this is our new reality" one resident of the Russian capital told the BBC.
The vote will be a key test for both the SNP and Labour ahead of the next general election.
A businessman outbid others to buy the disused staircase located behind a Starbucks in Twickenham.
Climate editor Justin Rowlatt on the challenge of how to warm the UK's homes - but not the planet.
Supporters of the military which seized power in Niger have been showing their support for Russia.
Farhad and Touheed were among thousands paying huge sums to risk a perilous boat journey via Libya.
Frank and Debbie Strang have helped to lead the efforts to create Shetland's SaxaVord Spaceport.
Sellers on the online marketplace are calling for action in protest at its reserve system.
Cardi B reacted to someone throwing a drink at her by chucking a microphone at them from the stage.
Fiona Corrigan does not know why her father was shot at his home by someone he did not know.
Ghana archaeologists say they have found 17th Century remains of the long-lost Fort Kormantine.
Few England cricketers connect with a crowd like Stuart Broad. On the final day of the last Ashes Test he showed why we will miss him so much.
Canada is the first nation to use warnings on individual cigarettes in an effort to deter smoking.
Biscuiteers co-founder Harriet Hastings shares her business advice for our CEO Secrets series.
MrBeast is the most popular YouTuber in the world, with more than 172 million subscribers.
A signal sent in error left Voyager 2's antenna tilting the wrong way, severing contact with Earth.
The reptile slithered onto a Lanka Premier League game in Colombo, Sri Lanka, bringing play to a halt.
People with enough money to rent affordable housing in London are being told their incomes are too low.
Royal Mail and Skyports will distribute letters and parcels between the islands using drones.
Antonio Di Bartolomeo, who topped the charts in 1994, is convicted of assaulting an emergency worker.
Video from China’s Sichuan province shows the animal looking relaxed, but unimpressed.
The presence of great crested newts could hamper a development at the former PM's Oxfordshire home.
X, formerly known as Twitter, has had to remove the sign on its HQ and will have to pay associated costs.
The rapper was reacting to having a drink hit her on stage while she was performing.
The pardon, part of a seasonal amnesty by the military junta, will reduce her 33-year jail sentence by six years.
Trent Rockets start their title defence with a thrilling six-run win over Southern Brave in the opening game of The Hundred men's competition.
England produce their best performance of the Netball World Cup so far to beat Fiji and confirm their place in the semi-finals.
Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino says new signing Lesley Ugochukwu may still leave on loan after joining for £23m from Rennes.
Watch the best shots from the opening day of The Hundred 2023, featuring Sam Hain, Anya Shrubsole and Smriti Mandhana.
Two-time Hundred finalists Southern Brave start their campaign with a dominant 27-run win over Trent Rockets.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says it is "not helpful" that the transfer window in Saudi Arabia is open for significantly longer than in Europe.
England's Lauren James did "special things" in their impressive 6-1 victory over China in the Women's World Cup, says manager Sarina Wiegman.
The Netherlands top Group E ahead of reigning champions the United States as they thrash Vietnam in Dunedin.
England's last-16 match against Nigeria at the Fifa Women's World Cup will be live on BBC TV on 7 August at 0830 BST.
The group stages of the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup are approaching the sharp end - and there is still plenty to be decided. Here's what each team needs in order to qualify.
Brazil legend Marta is moved to tears in a news conference before what could be her 23rd and final Women's World Cup match.
BBC Sport's football expert Rachel Brown-Finnis gives her predictions for the final round of group games at the Women's World Cup.
How higher interest rates are changing the UK's housing market.
A court hears 10-month-old Jacob Crouch, who sustained 39 rib fractures, suffered a "living hell".
Staff blocked police from entering the building, refused to give their names and withheld CCTV.
A jury has sentenced Robert Bowers for the 2018 attack - the deadliest antisemitic attack in the US.
Juvenile killer whales in the Atlantic are learning a dangerous game by copying adults.
As security measures ramp up for his arraignment, Mr Trump decries "corruption, scandal, & failure".
The Foreign Office gave no further details of how many UK nationals have left the country or how.
The US pop star is being sued for sexual harassment and fat-shaming but has yet to comment.
The leaflet asks voters if they want a traveller site near their home.
Justin Trudeau and his wife Sophie split after 18 years, following "meaningful and difficult conversations".
Presenter Chris Hughes has been told by the BBC that a comment he made to Australian Maitlan Brown during The Hundred was "not appropriate".
New York Police are investigating the death of O'Shae Sibley, a gay man, as a possible hate crime.
Hundreds of foreign nationals have already been evacuated from the country since a coup last week.
Police have seized drugs and weapons following operations against drug gangs in three states.
The successful applicant could get paid more than $17,000 for four weeks of work in New York.
Thursday's front pages look ahead to Trump's third time in court facing criminal charges.
The Netflix show may be aimed at teens but it has a special appeal for some older fans.
People who knew the fugitive before he fled the US say he is a violent and manipulative man.
Lauren James has become an overnight sensation but dad Nigel tells BBC Sport he is not surprised at her success for England at the Women's World Cup.
Women in the Ukrainian military describe their battles against Russia and sexism within their ranks.
Katherine Moloney is building a network of female aviators to encourage more women to be pilots.
Two attacks by Ukrainian drones against Russian warships have been thwarted according to Moscow.
The BBC's Emma Vardy takes a look at UK companies using fake reviews to boost their online visibility.
Convicted sex offender Nicholas Rossi assumed a new identity and fled to Scotland to escape justice.
Concern is mounting for workers across Texas unable to avoid the sun and scorching temperatures.
The vote will be a key test for both the SNP and Labour ahead of the next general election.
More sporting success in Wednesday's papers as England roar into the World Cup knock-out stages.
After 10 years apart, Joy and her grandson Brad reconnected for an adventure of a lifetime.
A baker says a PR firm asked her to make sweet treats in exchange for publicity not cash.
The couple are helping fund online safety projects for young people, personally phoning some recipients.
The Greek PM encouraged tourists to return to the island as an "act of generosity" after wildfires.
The announcement follows a long campaign by ex-MP Harvey Proctor, who was among those falsely accused.
More Taylor Wimpey customers are taking longer mortgages to make monthly repayments more affordable, providers say.
Britain's Emma Raducanu returns to the practice court for the first time since undergoing wrist and ankle surgery in May.
A Jubilee line train stopped at a station which has not been used by passengers for 25 years.
The BBC meets young farmers who say conditions have been a huge source of worry at a make-or-break time.
Beth Budgen tells the BBC she was seemingly healthy before becoming seriously ill at Christmas.
Social jetlag has an impact on what we eat, which may affect the species of bacteria in our guts.
The Nigerian migrants hoped to travel to Europe, but ended up thousands of miles away in Brazil.
Geza Tarjanyi shoulder-barged and shouted conspiracy theories at the former health secretary.
Grant Shapps is set to unveil proposals to help build more pylons and power lines for clean energy.
A sixth report of sexual offences by the former Radio 1 DJ is being looked into but no arrests have been made.
Women will face unsafe abortions, and thousands will not get healthcare, ministers are warned.
Swedish study found computer-aided detection could spot cancer at similar rate to two radiologists.
The Fire Brigades Union has serious concerns about potential overcrowding and fire exits access.
The Saudi Pro League's "remarkable" spending spree on new players is set to continue, according to one of its leading executives.
Sunil Narine whacked 13 off five balls at the death to give Oval Invincibles a three-wicket victory over London Spirit at Lord's.
Arsenal striker Gabriel Jesus has minor knee surgery and will miss the start of the new Premier League season.
Manchester City agree a £77m deal with German club RB Leipzig for 21-year-old Croatia defender Josko Gvardiol.
Test Match Special statistician Andy Zaltzman reveals how a £1 accumulator could have earned you £18 quadrillion. Maybe.
Watch South Africa score in the dying seconds to earn a dramatic 48-48 draw with New Zealand at the Netball World Cup.
Former Italy goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon retires from professional football aged 45.
Six people accused of helping Mr Trump undermine the election have been described by prosecutors.
The former US president is once again headed to court, this time to face charges over January 6th.
What are the charges, how serious are they and could Donald Trump still run for president from jail?
The former US president is accused of a broad conspiracy lasting months.
The former US president faces four counts after an investigation into his efforts to overturn the 2020 election.
He has been indicted three times and, with other investigations ongoing, more charges could be on the way.
Jack Smith was a top war crimes prosecutor at The Hague before he began investigating Donald Trump.
US President Donald Trump is heard telling Georgia's top election official to "find" enough votes to overturn the election, in a recording released by The Washington Post.
Georgia lawyer Fani Willis has warned of threats as a decision on charges for Donald Trump looms.
Thembi Kgatlana scores a stoppage-time winner as South Africa beat Italy to book their place in the last 16 of the Women's World Cup.
Sweden beat Argentina to make it three wins from three at the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup, setting up a mouth-watering last-16 meeting with the USA.
England's performance against China makes a statement to their rivals and dispels doubts around their Women's World Cup campaign.
The group stages of the 2023 Fifa Women's World Cup are approaching the sharp end - and there is still plenty to be decided. Here's what each team needs in order to qualify.
BBC Sport's football expert Rachel Brown-Finnis gives her predictions for the final round of group games at the Women's World Cup.
The former president says his latest indictment amounts to "persecution of a political opponent".
Bank of England boss Andrew Bailey comments come as it raises interest rates to 5.25% from 5%.
The retailer, which employs 12,000 people, blames mounting cost pressures at its 400 UK stores.
Two drug dealers have each been jailed for life with a minimum term of 27 years over the attack.
Heather Morgan and husband Ilya Lichtenstein plead guilty to money laundering and defrauding the US.
Writing in the Washington Post, President Mohamed Bazoum says he is writing "as a hostage".
Lizzo calls the last few days "gut-wrenchingly difficult" while her dancers call her an "anti-hero".
Harry Blake had been spared a prison sentence in 2020 after admitting several terror offences.
But performance by parent company AB/Inbev holds up better than expected.
Jailed Russian opposition figure Alexei Navalny could see decades added to his time behind bars.
The duchess reveals the nickname as her positive response to having a single mastectomy to treat cancer.
More support is also being given to small businesses, charities and those with disabilities
The venue displays different sphere-shaped images, but the blinking eye has stood out.
A DMG Media statement confirms the column's absence as it considers "serious" but "complex" allegations.
Friday's front pages touch on protesters who climbed onto the roof of Rishi Sunak's home.
A Ukrainian family, who said a tearful goodbye at a crowded railway station, finally come together again.
Jisoo and Ahn Bo-hyun's announcement has rocked the notoriously controlling K-pop industry.
The PM's change in tone has emboldened some Tories to call for an overhaul of the key climate target.
The Netflix show may be aimed at teens but it has a special appeal for some older fans.
Governments around the world are scrambling to boost semiconductor production.
Price rises add to the relentless pressure on the hospitality industry, says the celebrity chef.
House of Deviant is making its debut at the National Eisteddfod in Gwynedd.
Record-breaking rain in July is just one problem facing those who make a living feeding the country.
Neighbours complain of an endless stream of drunk male visitors and one man being pursued by his wife.
Greenpeace activists had climbed on to the roof of Rishi Sunak's North Yorkshire constituency home.
The culprits are likely to have some knowledge about beekeeping and to have stolen them at night.
Protesters condemn retaliatory sanctions and the threat of military force by West African leaders.
British Rowing says transgender women will not be able to compete in the women's category at its events.
A new government register also warns of dangers posed by AI and disruption to energy supplies.
43,000 people are participating in the event which took place as temperatures reached 35C.
More than 33,000 items from the former Queen lead singer's home are up for sale.
Brazen shoplifting attempt caught on CCTV as John Lewis staff use bodycams to deter theft, violence.
Conservation charity says climate change means migratory species is increasingly staying in the UK.
The 2ft tall slate sculptures were a labour of love built over a 30-year period.
The King of Queens star is taking legal action against the church for harassment and defamation.
For the first time in their history, Germany fail to progress to the knockout stages of the Women's World Cup - leaving their players stunned.
Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale says he wants football to be "welcoming for everyone", allowing his brother, who is gay, to attend matches without fear of abuse.
England head coach Steve Borthwick says his final 33-man squad for the World Cup is "pretty clear" with only "one or two places" to be finalised.
Watch the best moments from day three of The Hundred 2023, including a ramp six from Birmingham Phoenix's Ben Duckett and a stunning catch by Northern Superchargers bowler Georgia Wareham.
Great Britain's William Tidball wins gold in the men's scratch race at the Cycling World Championships in Glasgow.
Great Britain's William Tidball wins gold in the men's scratch race after timing his finish to perfection in a dramatic final lap at the Cycling World Championships in Glasgow.
Newcastle United agree to sign right-back Tino Livramento from Southampton in a deal worth £40m including add-ons.
The former attorney general undermined Mr Trump's case ahead of his court appearance.
What are the charges, how serious are they and could Donald Trump still run for president from jail?
Tanya Chutkan is a veteran jurist behind some of the toughest sentences of US Capitol rioters.
The former US president is once again headed to court, this time to face charges over January 6th.
The former US president is accused of a broad conspiracy lasting months.
They tell the BBC how these charges compare to previous cases and how this sets up the 2024 election.
Six people accused of helping Mr Trump undermine the election have been described by prosecutors.
These accusations are the gravest ones yet levelled at the former president, says our North America editor.
He has been indicted three times and, with other investigations ongoing, more charges could be on the way.
The Bank of England decided to raise interest rates again in a bid to slow price rises.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
Watch the BBC's Lora Jones tell you five things you can do about your mortgage, in a minute.
Ukrainian troops have advanced, at most, about 10 miles in two key areas. Is the counter-offensive working?
Mahek Bukhari and her mother were behind a crash in which the two victims were rammed off the road.
Voyager 2 has restored its communication with Earth months earlier than expected.
About 2,000 people mobbed Union Square in anticipation of a PlayStation 5 offer by influencer Kai Cenat.
Figures this week showed house prices falling, but mortgage costs remain high.
The Rip-Off Britain presenter is set to be the oldest contestant in the show's history, at the age of 78.
The Russian opposition leader is found guilty of further offences in a trial held at a prison colony.
Regional leaders have threatened to use force if Niger's ousted president is not reinstated by Sunday.
The UK must invest in rail and road networks or accept more extreme weather disruption, a government advisor says.
More than 4,000 UK scouts hit by heatwave at World Jamboree to be moved into hotels.
Marjorie Perkins woke to find an intruder standing over her. Neither of them expected what happened next.
Bayern Munich tell Tottenham they want a decision on whether they are prepared to sell Harry Kane by the end of Friday.
Mark Margolis once said he based his role of drug kingpin Hector Salamanca on his mother-in-law.
A range of stories feature on Saturday's front pages - including Strictly Come Dancing's new line-up.
As Russia increases the age limit for conscription, we speak to men afraid of being called up to Ukraine.
Show creator Alice Oseman says she hopes her own coming out experience can help young people like her.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
How did mangled crosses trigger a revival of interest in care for people with disabilities?
The discount retailer was founded in 1930 but has faced a raft of problems in recent years.
A Trump rival was booed for suggesting he is only campaigning to keep himself out of jail. But is he completely wrong?
Despite increased costs, performers tell the BBC why they'll do anything to bring their work to Edinburgh.
Over the past decade, thousands have competed to kill some of the planet's biggest serpents in Florida.
Floodwaters were diverted from Beijing, but the water had to go somewhere - So Zhuozhou took the brunt.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Ukrainian and Russian electronic warfare units are trying to gain the upper hand on the battlefield.
What is London's Ultra Low Emission Zone and why is its expansion being discussed?
Joelle's life was turned upside down by the 2020 catastrophe which devastated the Lebanese capital.
Firms are using AI, drones and satellite tech to help detect and suppress wildfires.
Liam Riddick imagined filming Hollywood dance routines as a boy. Being a Ken made it come true.
The verdict is clear: Vietnamese people love coffee, but they don’t really seem to like Starbucks.
The US star enjoys a perfect week, while fellow rappers Dave and Central Cee set a new chart record.
Suliman Altaf was stopped while crossing the English Channel after stabbing his ex-partner's son.
Dramatic bodycam footage captures a Florida deputy's daring leap onto an out-of-control vessel.
Ukraine intelligence sources say the Olenegorsky Gornyak was damaged during a strike at Novorossiysk.
The Commonwealth Games is in crisis - seeking hosts for the 2026 and 2030 editions after Victoria and Alberta's withdrawals. So what happens next?
Ten-month-old Jacob Crouch suffered multiple injuries inflicted by "fantasist" Craig Crouch.
The oceans are a vital regulator for the climate and our weather but are rapidly heating up.
Frankie Jules-Hough's partner tells the BBC a 12-year jail term will not stop others speeding.
Many Afghan families are still living in temporary accommodation two years after coming to the UK.
US attorney general says the six officers tortured and inflicted unspeakable harm on their victims.
Rico Burton, 31, the cousin of the world heavyweight boxing champion, was killed last August.
The climate activist says she cannot attend an event that is sponsored by a firm with links to fossil fuels.
Pilots from RAF Lossiemouth intercepted 50 Russian aircraft during a four-month mission in the Baltic.
The controversial influencer faces rape and human trafficking charges, which he denies.
Andy Donaldson is the first person to cross the world's seven most dangerous straits within a year.
Ministers in England want to unlock spare capacity, but Labour accuse them of dither and delay.
Previously only those entitled to means-tested benefits could claim up to £2,000.
The comedian wants to contest Brighton Pavilion, which is currently held by the Green Party.
Southampton make the perfect start to life back in the EFL thanks to Che Adams' late winner at promoted Sheffield Wednesday.
Mikel Arteta says he weighed up his Arsenal future after last season's title blow before a "big reflection" convinced him to stay on.
Watch the plays of the day following two tightly contested matches in The Hundred between Southern Brave and Welsh Fire at the Ageas Bowl.
BBC Sport's football expert Rachel Brown-Finnis gives her predictions for the last-16 matches at the Women's World Cup.
Andy Murray's defeat to Taylor Fritz is interrupted by climate protesters at the Citi Open in Washington.
England's World Cup countdown begins with their first warm-up match against Wales in Cardiff on Saturday - which players can force their way into the final squad?
Great Britain continue their excellent start to the Cycling World Championships in Glasgow, winning four gold and five silver medals on day two.
People have been reportedly killed and wounded in the strike in north-eastern Ukraine, says the president.
Largely destroyed by Russian forces, Mariupol is now portrayed by Moscow as a desirable city.
People like Andy Malkinson, who cleared his name after 17 years in jail, will no longer pay "bed and board".
The ousted prime minister was given a three-year jail sentence in a case of corruption he denies.
The Bank of England says inflation could fall to around 5% by Christmas - how reliable is that?
The Hollywood actor joined celebrity owners to watch Wrexham's defeat to MK Dons.
The Channel 4 journalist joins Angela Rippon and Layton Williams in this year's Strictly Come Dancing.
Prosecutors ask for limits on what Donald Trump is allowed to publicly say about the election fraud case.
The disgraced musician was reportedly stabbed at HMP Wakefield, where he is serving a 29-year sentence.
If Chandrayaan-3 succeeds, India will be the first country to land near the Moon's little-explored south pole.
Vincenzo La Porta has been on the run for 11 years but was tracked down to Corfu by police.
Wales enjoy victory in the opening World Cup warm-up game against England in Cardiff to leave Steve Borthwick mulling over Monday's tournament selection.
Hail formed 30cm drifts in Reutlingen requiring snowploughs to be deployed, at the height of summer.
Sunday's front pages cover a range of stories, including a report into prisoners' welfare in jails.
Six months ago today, Afraa was pulled from rubble, still attached to her umbilical cord and barely alive.
The difficulties facing people living next to Botswana's growing African elephant population.
Jimmy Donaldson is the biggest YouTuber in the world with 172 million subscribers - what makes him so popular?
The volume of rain over the past week has broken a 140-year-old record in China.
Ohio looked ready to pass an abortion rights amendment. Then Republicans planned another vote.
Spider experts fear arachnids have been unfairly blamed for a Hertfordshire man's breathing problem.
The child was unresponsive when taken to hospital on 27 July and later died, police say.
The first storm to be named by the Met Office this year has brought "unseasonably" strong winds.
Police say US influencer Kai Cenat could be charged with inciting a riot after chaos in Manhattan.
Over 4,000 UK Scouts are withdrawing from a World Jamboree over extreme heat and worries about facilities.
Clinical trials showed the drug helped to reduce depressive symptoms in as little as three days.
The attack is the second in as many days involving sea drones, Ukrainian security sources tell the BBC.
All rail services in and out of Brighton are cancelled, while Storm Antoni will bring wind and rain.
Liam Riddick imagined filming Hollywood dance routines as a boy. Being a Ken made it come true.
Women in the US state with pregnancy complications will be exempted from the abortion ban, a judge rules.
The comic was given seven stitches and says he is lucky to be alive.
In Karen Bardsley's latest column, the former England goalkeeper discusses why the Women's World Cup is the most competitive it's ever been.
Anna Netrebko was dropped by the Met Opera last year after refusing to denounce Russia's president.
The same Sonning bridge has seen previous additions including a post box, front door and telephone.
England will be in "new territory" when they face Australia in their maiden World Cup final, says former captain Serena Kersten.
Watch as Katie Archibald, Elinor Barker, Josie Knight and Anna Morris win a brilliant women's team pursuit gold for Great Britain at the World Cycling Championships in Glasgow.
Rasmus Hojlund signs for Manchester United - but what type of player is he, and what are his stats?
Great Britain maintain their fine start to the Cycling World Championships by winning five gold medals, two silvers and a bronze on day three.
Dillian Whyte returns "an adverse finding" from a doping test, causing his heavyweight rematch against Anthony Joshua to be cancelled.
Watch highlights as England defeat defending champions New Zealand 46-40 to secure a place in their first ever Netball World Cup final.
Scotland mount a stunning fightback from 18 points down to beat France with 14 men in a World Cup warm-up at Murrayfield.
James Gallagher meets the scientists who work at one of the most secretive research bases in the UK.
Promoting a Covid conspiracy theory, the Irish Light's editor accuses the mum of "massive fraud".
NHS system for seriously ill people requiring home care is struggling to provide sufficient support.
Companies who repeatedly employ illegal migrants face fines up to £60,000 per breach under new rules.
Several coaches of the Hazara Express overturned near the Sahara station in the south of the country.
Anastatia Mayers and Keisha Schahaff won a place on Virgin Galactic's first commercial flight in a prize draw.
The pink-hued film has drawn in $1.03bn around the world, according to distributor Warner Bros.
MPs demand government action on the growing problem of 'tech-enabled' domestic violence.
Former US President Trump says that his lawyers will ask for a recusal of the judge on his election fraud case.
England's wait for a first Netball World Cup title continues after Australia defeat the Roses to win the event for a 12th time.
Arsenal give their hopes of beating Manchester City to the Premier League title a psychological boost by winning the Community Shield on penalties.
The two tech billionaires have also been going head to head over their rival platforms, X and Threads.
The UCI world championship men's road race from Edinburgh to Glasgow is stopped for 50 minutes near the Carron Valley Reservoir.
Monday's front pages focus on immigration, and government plans for asylum seekers.
His supporters appear scared with their leader behind bars. Has Pakistan's military eliminated yet another PM?
The USA hoped to become the first team to win three successive Women's World Cup titles but made history of a very different kind.
Largely destroyed by Russian forces, Mariupol is now portrayed by Moscow as a desirable city.
Niger's junta has hours to restore the ousted president or face the possibility of military action.
The comedian and Channel 4 journalist join Angela Rippon and Layton Williams in this year's line up.
The immigration minister insists the barge at Portland is safe and will not be hit by more delays.
Andy Malkinson, who cleared his name after 17 years in jail, tells the BBC more still needs to be done.
The boy was struck on the eastbound carriageway of the M62 but the driver did not stop, police say.
The popular Crooked House at Himley, near Dudley, is completely destroyed by a blaze.
Members of the Balpa union have "serious concerns" over schedules put in place during Covid.
The extreme flooding in Slovenia has caused millions of dollars worth of damage and killed at least three people.
Vincenzo La Porta has been on the run for 11 years but was tracked down to Greece by police.
Watch highlights as Sweden set up a quarter-final against Japan by beating defending champions USA in a dramatic penalty shootout at the Women's World Cup.
The actor says he never intended to cause offence after his post was accused of being antisemitic.
Google and Meta are among big tech companies who are letting hackers try to find flaws in their chatbots.
The US Border Patrol seized seven animals as a person was arrested in Fort Brown, Texas.
The custom-coat once worn by Elvis was bought by a US collector.
Police say US influencer Kai Cenat could be charged with inciting a riot after chaos in Manhattan.
England face Nigeria in the last 16 of the Women's World Cup with momentum on their side but must avoid complacency, says manager Sarina Wiegman.
Arsenal's Community Shield win against Manchester City has lifted the "mental block" the Gunners had when facing the Premier League champions.
Retiring USA forward Megan Rapinoe exits the Women's World Cup stage in tears as the defending champions are knocked out on penalties.
Watch highlights as England are beaten by Australia 45-61 in their first ever Netball World Cup final.
England head coach Jess Thirlby says her side are "gutted" but "grateful" for a silver medal after their Netball World Cup final loss to Australia - but what next?
Watch the best plays from day six of The Hundred 2023, featuring Welsh Fire's Haris Rauf, Northern Superchargers' Linsey Smith and Paige Scholfield of the Oval Invincibles.
Bryson DeChambeau produces one of the most remarkable rounds in the history of golf on Sunday, shooting 58 to win the LIV Golf Greenbrier title.
The Home Office says "a small group" of about 20 people refused to board the Bibby Stockholm.
Acting Deputy Secretary of State Victoria Nuland met Niger's military leaders for over two hours.
Callum Rycroft, 12, from Leeds, was killed on the M62 in West Yorkshire on Saturday.
England go agonisingly close to an early exit from the Women's World Cup but find a way to win as the Lionesses' title dream lives on.
UK retail sales growth slowed to 1.5% in July after rain put shoppers off buying summery items.
Communist Party slogans were painted over popular wall art - but the creators' motive is unclear.
The company says staff living near offices should work in person at least twice a week.
More than 144,000 students across the country will learn how they have done by text, email and post.
The Crooked House pub, once known as "Britain's wonkiest pub", is demolished two days after a fire.
The bodies of two men and woman were discovered after they failed to return from the Aonach Eagach Ridge.
His Oscar-winning career spanned six decades and also included crime thriller The French Connection.
Finding a buyer has been a lengthy saga for the owner of the publisher, Paramount Global.
Chief economist Huw Pill has warned that food prices may never return to levels previously seen.
How a master of disguise and a secret bunker were uncovered in a major drugs bust 40 years ago.
On results day, three teenagers reveal the unusual conditions they studied for their exams under.
A hidden world of exploitation by men working as "spiritual healers" has been uncovered by the BBC.
Small electric aircraft will be carrying passengers soon in Europe soon, but will they catch on?
After the Russian capital was targeted by drones, Steve Rosenberg asks people how they feel about the future.
With cooler than average temperatures in July, hopes of sun and heat lie on the rest of August.
James Gallagher meets the scientists who work at one of the most secretive research bases in the UK.
Glacial floods in Juneau, the capital of Alaska, caused a house to collapse into the Mendenhall river.
A couple whose son died in a mould-infested home want to know why their warnings were ignored.
Families of Belarusian political prisoners say loved ones are being denied any outside contact.
Home to some of the world's poorest people, Asia has seen devastating heatwaves this year.
The large and notoriously hungry female bear is believed to have broken into 21 homes since 2022.
MPs are investigating the lack of boots designed for women and girls, amid concern about injuries.
Giacomo Chiapparini was buried when a shelf broke in his warehouse in the Lombardy region on Sunday.
The broadcaster describes the day he was told he had prostate cancer as among the worst of his life.
The festival was cancelled after the band's singer launched an attack on Malaysia's LGBT laws.
UK Scouts chief executive says he feels let down by organisers of the World Scout Jamboree in South Korea.
If Chandrayaan-3 succeeds, India will be the first country to land near the Moon's little-explored south pole.
She will join Angela Rippon, Layton Williams and Krishnan Guru-Murthy on the BBC show's dancefloor.
A deal to buy the failed battery firm now looks uncertain after the final payment was missed.
Tottenham rejects Bayern Munich's latest offer for Harry Kane, with the two clubs apart on their valuation of the striker.
Marco Pantani's maverick life ended in a mysterious death. Nearly 20 years on, the questions and investigations continue amid claims that powerful criminals wanted Italy's star cyclist dead.
West Ham make a combined bid worth more than £50m for Manchester United's Harry Maguire and Scott McTominay.
England coach Steve Borthwick says players' versatility was an "important aspect" of his World Cup squad selection.
Watch highlights as England scrape through to the quarter-finals of the Women's World Cup with a dramatic penalty shootout victory over Nigeria despite Lauren James' red card.
Anthony Joshua will fight on Saturday night, with promoter Eddie Hearn set to announce Dillian Whyte's replacement imminently.
Manchester Originals beat Birmingham Phoenix by 49 runs at Emirates Old Trafford to secure their first victory of this year's men's Hundred.
Co-hosts Australia reach the Women's World Cup quarter-finals with an impressive win over Denmark in the last 16 in Sydney.
England's Lauren James is sent off after a VAR review adjudged her to have stamped on Nigeria's Michelle Alozie during their Women's World Cup last 16 match.
The story of how Morocco made history again at the Women's World Cup.
England appear to be in a more favourable side of the draw at the Women's World Cup, although a competition of upsets has shown no team can be underestimated.
The USA hoped to become the first team to win three successive Women's World Cup titles but made history of a very different kind.
See how you rated the players out of 10 as England beat Nigeria on penalties in the last 16 of the Women's World Cup.
Coach Lorne Donaldson says Jamaica are prepared for a "boxing match" against Colombia in their Women's World Cup last-16 meeting in Melbourne.
BBC Sport takes a look at the main things to come out of a thrilling group stage at the Women's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
A top officer apologises for the breach affecting police and employees in Northern Ireland.
The economy has been hit by Brexit, Covid and the Ukraine war, a think tank says.
The Electoral Commission warns the public to be vigilant for unauthorised use of their personal data.
A judge in LA sent the rapper to prison for injuring Megan Thee Stallion Stallion in a 2020 shooting.
Trial suggests Wegovy cuts risk of cardiovascular event in overweight people with heart disease by a fifth.
Mourners gathered in the County Wicklow town of Bray to say their goodbyes to the Irish singer.
Fifteen men boarded the government's new accommodation barge for asylum seekers in Dorset on Monday.
The rape took place five months before the teenager was sexually assaulted and killed by her brother.
Temperatures in excess of 40C are expected to hit much of the Iberian peninsula this week.
There is anger after the pub, once known as "Britain's wonkiest", was demolished days after a fire.
The potential one-off tax on the profits banks earn from higher interest rates has seen shares plummet.
The party launches an expert team to help police and prosecutors bring more criminals to justice.
The fledgling is missing from Blackpool Zoo after taking to the air when it was startled by seagulls.
The news of two major data leaks is among a broad mix of stories to make the front pages on Wednesday.
Seonaid Stallan's son took his own life two months after he was given a different antidepressant.
Fans of the late singer and activist filled the Irish town of Bray's streets, before a private burial.
UK Scouts are trying to make the most of the situation after being evacuated from an event in South Korea.
University of Hull scientists set puzzles for dozens of the animals as part of a two-year study.
A hidden world of exploitation by men working as "spiritual healers" has been uncovered by the BBC.
A master of disguise and a secret bunker were uncovered in a major drugs bust on the coast.
On results day, three teenagers reveal the unusual conditions they studied for their exams under.
The Chicago-born star was diagnosed with kidney and liver cancer in 2016.
Officials say this is the first confirmed shark bite on the popular Rockaway Beach in recent memory.
It's the first public performance since the rapper caused controversy with a series of antisemitic posts.
The broadcaster thanks audiences for their outpouring of support after his prostate cancer diagnosis.
Only those aged 65 and over or in at-risk groups should be invited for jab, say UK experts.
Ministers are being urged to provide more long-term funding for buses to keep communities connected.
The actress has been praised for the "amazing" way she cared for Bryan Randall in his final years.
National Savings and Investments is the latest provider to make savings deals more attractive.
But solicitors say the announcement is "lawyer-bashing" to distract from the asylum backlog.
Wolves boss Julen Lopetegui leaves the club with former Bournemouth manager Gary O'Neil set to replace him.
England forward Lauren James apologises for her red card during the Women's World Cup last-16 win over Nigeria.
Great Britain's Neil Fachie claims his 19th world title and Frances Brown also takes gold in the Cycling World Championships in Glasgow.
Southampton are dumped out of the EFL Cup first round after a 3-1 defeat by League Two Gillingham featuring two goals from Robbie McKenzie.
Great Britain's Neil Fachie and Elizabeth Jordan beat Italy to win gold in the Mixed B Team Sprint at the Cycling World Championships 2023.
France cruise into the Women's World cup quarter-finals, thrashing Morocco to end the African side's dream run.
Former England scrum-half Matt Dawson says England lack "world-class" players and do not know their best starting XV.
Highly selective courses at elite universities will "go quite quickly", says the head of Ucas.
Travel agents are reporting a rise in people booking overseas trips due to the drizzly UK weather.
Victims' families are distraught that Russian prisoners released to fight in Ukraine are reoffending.
The Band toured with Bob Dylan before becoming one of the most influential acts of the late 1960s.
A man is shot dead in Utah after posting threats online, hours before Joe Biden visits the state.
Marks & Spencer and period pants brand WUKA are asking the government to remove the 20% tax on period pants.
The details now have been removed from a Scottish genealogy website over safety and privacy fears.
People have jumped into the sea to escape flames from wildfires being fuelled by hurricane winds.
Four survivors told rescuers the boat set off from Tunisia carrying 45 people, including three children.
Police officers and staff had already received updated security advice after the first information leak.
Prosecutor Jack Smith requested data and records linked to the ex-president, unsealed files reveal.
New court documents show the pupil confessed to the attack and outline how he took his mother's gun.
Mantle is best known for playing Jean Warboys, the annoying friend of Victor Meldrew's wife, in the BBC comedy.
Calls to leave the European Convention on Human Rights and mortgage rates being cut make Thursday's papers.
Referees Maria Creaney, 37, and Halle O'Brien, 16, speak out against threatening behaviour and sexism.
Gen Tchiani has triggered a major crisis by overthrowing the president he was meant to guard.
The first stage of the Fifa Women's World Cup knockouts delivered plenty, with tension, great goals and penalty shootout wins - and there's no doubt more drama to come.
Extreme weather and climate change are driving up home insurance costs, forcing some into desperation.
An elaborate network of intermediaries means Russia can lay its hands on vital bits of Western technology.
After various cases of private data being leaked or stolen, what can you do to keep your info secure?
The Crooked House, near Dudley, is gutted by fire and demolished within days leading to many questions.
Witnesses say the event was struck by bad weather but also plagued by mismanagement and safety risks.
The London mayor and Met Police chief urge phone firms to "design out" incentives to steal mobiles.
The rap star hurled the mic after a fan threw a drink at her during a recent concert in Las Vegas
Staffordshire Police say the fire at the Crooked House was suspicious as investigations continue.
The ex-presidential candidate offered to set up a newly single Welsh minister with her friends.
The House of Commons media committee says there are claims of harassment, bullying and discrimination.
Officers report four cases where a man has approached people with babies and removed their dummies.
Warnings are issued after a child is swept to sea at Ilfracombe Harbour.
Crit'Air stickers come in six categories, from green for the cleanest vehicles to dark grey.
The High Street retailer faces collapse if it cannot secure fresh investment by next week.
The musician struggled to find success in his native US, but he developed a following in South Africa.
The tour operator says climate change could affect where and when people choose to go on holiday.
The book makes numerous false claims and portrays Ukraine as an aggressive state run by nationalists.
The step count needed to reduce the risk of disease is lower than previously thought, research suggests.
The political editor at BBC Scotland is to undergo surgery and will take time off work for treatment.
Reid's designs for the punk band's record covers became some of the defining images of the era.
The party is likely to back leaving ECHR if Rwanda flights are still blocked, senior Tories say.
One of the occupants who was dropped off prior to the crash was charged with driving offences.
A summit in Brazil sees the countries that share the Amazon basin agree only to a new alliance on the issue.
The West Midlands, the South East and the East of England will be hit hardest by inflation, warns think tank.
Anthony Joshua says boxing "clearly has a problem" with doping after Dillian Whyte failed a voluntary drugs test and was pulled out of Saturday's all-British heavyweight contest.
Australian Spencer Johnson takes three wickets on an eye-catching Hundred debut as Oval Invincibles thrash Manchester Originals by 94 runs.
Rangers bounce back from domestic defeat by securing a one-goal first-leg advantage over 10-man Servette in Champions League qualifying.
Great Britain's Emma Finucane claims her first major title with gold in the women's sprint at the Cycling World Championships in Glasgow.
The insider tips on why some clubs 'win the window' by negotiating swift, good-value transfer deals and others don't.
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy and Jon Rahm of Spain have their places on the European team for this year's Ryder Cup confirmed.
Watch the best plays from day nine of The Hundred 2023, including Luke Wood's three-wicket haul for Trent Rockets and a great crowd catch.
The BBC asked two junior doctors in England to show us their payslips and reveal their salaries.
Her body was discovered at a property in Surrey in the early hours of the morning, police say.
The chief constable apologises after the identities of thousands of officers are mistakenly revealed.
Theresa Villiers apologises for failing to declare a stake in the oil firm worth at least £70,000 for five years.
Keisha Schahaff and UK student Ana Mayers become the first mother-daughter duo to travel to the edge of space.
The PM took almost one flight a week, data show, as he's accused of abandoning climate leadership.
A small aircraft landed on the central reservation of the A40 Golden Valley just before 18:00 BST.
Physicists believe that an unknown force could be acting on sub-atomic particles known as muons.
Jason Chambers thanked production crew for "breaking the fourth wall and stepping in" during filming.
The Last of Us star went with friend and actor Russell Tovey - but the Margate gallery was closed.
Severe cold a million years ago forced our ancestors from the continent, but they adapted and returned.
Civilians in 37 settlements of the Kupiansk area are told to leave because of "constant Russian shelling".
The government's attitude to climate change and junior doctors' strikes are taking the front pages today.
Satellite images and before and after pictures show extent of damage to town of Lahaina on Maui.
A presidential candidate has been killed in the latest assassination in Ecuador as gang crime soars.
The photographs, submitted by the public, celebrate the "richness and diversity of family stories".
Global studies show some minority communities are less likely to use sun protection - but why?
The sport has been a huge part of the programme at the World Cycling Championships in Glasgow.
The Conservatives and Labour have made claims about asylum seekers - are they true?
Referees Maria Creaney, 37, and Halle O'Brien, 16, speak out against threatening behaviour and sexism.
Performers face sky-rocketing accommodation costs and many have little chance of breaking even.
Poland is sending extra troops to its border with Belarus after an alleged military incursion.
The blockbuster falls foul of authorities over its portrayal of social values.
Steve Wright will host Pick of the Pops, while its presenter Paul Gambaccinni moves to Sundays.
The broadcaster joins celebrities including Bobby Brazier, Jody Cundy and Ellie Leach on the show.
London Luton Airport creates a huge grass painting ahead of Luton Town's first Premier League match.
He was convicted of the manslaughter of his ill wife in Cyprus but could be tried again for murder.
The kind of lawlessness seen in some US cities must not be allowed here, the home secretary says.
BBC bosses pay tribute to the comedy writer who helped create the popular BBC One series.
Surgeon Kar Hao Teoh, who worked at a hospital in Essex, is described as "a friend to many".
It comes as the streaming giant tries to boost subscribers as its traditional TV business falters.
Highly selective courses at elite universities will "go quite quickly", says the head of Ucas.
The two-time Oscar winner will star as the man dubbed the British Oskar Schindler.
Located on a dormant volcano in Hawaii, the telescope takes pictures of deep space.
The amount the Foreign Office spends on sending children of diplomats to top private schools has increased.
Marks & Spencer and the brand Wuka are asking the government to remove a 20% tax on period pants.
The image appears to show black people working on a tobacco plantation overseen by white men.
Travel agents are reporting a rise in people booking overseas trips due to the drizzly UK weather.
Five million new 50 pence pieces bearing the King's head are going into circulation.
BBC Sport's football expert Rachel Brown-Finnis gives her predictions for the quarter-final matches at the Women's World Cup.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on boxer Anthony Joshua & promoter Eddie Hearn for the Premier League's opening weekend.
Great Britain's Tom Pidcock is accused of "crashing out" a rival in order to win a bronze medal at the Cycling World Championships in Scotland.
Two late goals give Hibernian a potentially priceless advantage to take to Switzerland in their Europa Conference League qualifier against Luzern.
Stevie Eskinazi hits a classy 43 from 18 balls as Welsh Fire claim a comfortable six-wicket win over Birmingham Phoenix in The Hundred.
Watch the best plays from day 10 of The Hundred 2023, including Shabnam Ismail's hat-trick, Rauf's wickets and Van der Merwe's stunning catch.
Experts give advice for those who might be worried about their monthly mortgage payments.
The first group of asylum seekers had only been on the controversial housing barge for a few days.
Getting in contact with loved ones has been made difficult by poor mobile reception on the island.
Police are working with international authorities to find the three people over the death in Woking.
The charity ReSex is providing guidance for wounded soldiers looking for help with their sex lives.
A judge is sending the founder of bankrupt crypto firm FTX to jail while awaiting trial on fraud charges.
Erling Haaland scores twice as Premier League champions Manchester City start off their title defence with victory at Burnley.
But former US president gets a legal win in battle over what he can say before election fraud trial.
The comedian has been working on a stand-up tour featuring his infamous spoof gangster.
About 20,000 members will take strike action on 26 August and 2 September over pay and conditions.
Protesters gather in Niamey after a West African bloc approves intervention against coup leaders.
The culture minister says he has spoken to the X boss about hosting the showdown as a charity event.
Footage has emerged appearing to show Kristin Harila’s team climbing over Mohammed Hassan on Pakistan's K2.
Saturday's papers include Legionella on an asylum seeker barge and students' battle for accommodation.
How lockdown helped David Hamilton discover his love for macro photography in a local park.
Fast food supplier Beyond Meat has seen its sales fall - but is it cost, taste or nutrition that is putting people off?
Survivors recall seeing their relatives disappear in muddy torrents spawned by incessant rains.
Single mum Rachel shares her tips for creating picnic food for four on a £5 budget.
People are already feeling the impact of economic sanctions imposed after a military coup.
When is results day, and what should you do if you don't get the grades you need?
Satellite images and before-and-after pictures show extent of damage to town of Lahaina on Maui.
The retailer is in administration but that doesn't necessarily mean it will disappear from the High Street.
Sexual misconduct on the reality TV show has hit the headlines - but what do yacht workers think?
A police officer says his wife is no longer comfortable in Northern Ireland after the data breaches.
Hundreds of key environmental science terms added to the British Sign Language dictionary.
As the all-conquering genre reaches 50, a look back at some key moments along the way.
BBC research reveals that women in Africa spend up to 13% of their income on menstrual products.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Going to school, college or university five days a week is not the only way to get a qualification.
A presidential candidate has been killed in the latest assassination in Ecuador as gang crime soars.
European data storage firms are emerging that promise to protect customer data from US interference.
Employees discover the animal trapped in metal flooring when they arrive for work.
The BBC asked two junior doctors in England to show us their payslips and reveal their salaries.
Edinburgh International Book festival sponsor Baillie Gifford has been criticised over its fossil fuels investments.
Lauren Metcalfe says starring alongside Kevin Spacey has been a highlight of her career.
Higher temperatures helped better-than-expected quarterly growth but fears of a slowdown remain.
Sussex police released video of the moment Mohammed Ahmed led police on a high-speed chase.
This week, a reminder email was sent to employees who didn't work on-site at least three times a week.
Duran Duran's Andy Taylor says innovative prostate cancer treatment has extended his life.
The showbiz star and actor is "thrilled" to join the show as he approaches his 70th birthday.
Tapestry, which owns Coach, is creating a US luxury conglomerate in the same vein as France's giants.
Witnesses congratulate a pilot who made an emergency landing on the A40 for doing an amazing job.
Theo says he didn't grasp the reality of saving the nine-year-old's life until the day after.
England goalkeeper Mary Earps says "the best is yet to come" from the European champions as they prepare for their Women's World Cup quarter-final.
As many as 30 others are missing after the boat foundered and was abandoned by crew on Sunday.
The Home Office confirms that 755 people were detected making the crossing on Thursday.
The Russian mission is racing against India to be the first country to land on the Moon's south pole.
The Western Isles MP was suspended from the party's Westminster group last month.
The PM took almost one flight a week, data shows, as he is accused of abandoning climate leadership.
Liverpool agree a British record transfer fee of £111m with Brighton for Ecuador midfielder Moises Caicedo.
A stunning catch from Ross Whiteley helps Oval Invincibles edge out Northern Superchargers in The Hundred men's competition.
Harry Kane arrives for a medical at Bayern Munich, with the England captain's move from Tottenham to the German giants "imminent".
Watch the plays of the day from Headingley in The Hundred after two matches between Oval Invincibles and Northern Superchargers in the men's and women's competitions.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne "will be out for a while" after going off injured against Burnley, says boss Pep Guardiola.
Great Britain's Ben Wiggins says he "backed up the hype" by winning silver at the Cycling World Championships in Scotland on Friday.
England's Women's World Cup quarter-final against Colombia will be broadcast on BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC Sounds.
When England face Colombia in their Women's World Cup quarter-final on Saturday, they will not just be facing a formidable foe on the field - they also must overcome the fans.
England must face Colombia in the Women's World Cup quarter-final without suspended top-scorer Lauren James, but they have a plan according to manager Sarina Wiegman.
Sweden reach a fourth major semi-final in five years, but will they go on to win the Women's World Cup?
England striker Alessia Russo takes advice from her "idol" David Beckham to embrace her first Women's World Cup experience.
A basic guide to how the economy is measured and what that calculation is used for.
UK and French coastguards rescued 59 people but two may still be missing, authorities said.
Hundreds of people are still unaccounted for days after wildfires broke out in Hawaii.
Charred trees, burnt out cars and collapsed buildings lie among the ashes left by the wildfires.
England captain Harry Kane makes his Bayern Munich debut only hours after completing an £86m move from Tottenham.
Up to 100 shooting stars an hour could be visible in one of the year's most anticipated astronomical events.
We take a ride on a scooter powered by the world's largest battery-swapping network.
Heavyweight Anthony Joshua spectacularly knocks out Robert Helenius with one punch in round seven, after boxing tentatively in the first half of the fight at London's O2 Arena.
Tech recommendations can reveal more about us than we know ourselves - but how and why does this happen?
The items were all stolen from Italy in the late 1990s and some were worth millions of euros.
Andrea Gonzalez replaces anti-corruption crusader shot in the head by suspected Colombian hitmen.
MP David Davis criticises the Home Office after concerns about Legionella on the Bibby Stockholm.
Some 200 people have been affected by the theft of documents and a laptop from a car last month.
England captain Owen Farrell could miss their World Cup opener against Argentina after being sent off in their warm-up win over Wales at Twickenham.
Sunday's papers lead on six migrants drowning in the Channel as well as England Women's World Cup success.
A number of lenders are cutting rates but experts say it may be too early to call it a turning point.
Emerging artists tell BBC Newsbeat how they're shaping the genre for the future.
Two random mass stabbings have led to questions in a society known for its low level of violent crime.
Former customers raise a glass to The Crooked House as they look for answers about its sudden demise.
Some tech giants feel they might have reached a "tipping point" due to new legislation.
Four Nigerian stowaways set out for Europe on a tanker rudder. Two weeks later they were in Brazil.
The striker said he would always cherish the support he received during his time at Spurs.
Kaleikaumaka Johnson relives the horror of what happened in her home town of Lahaina, devastated by wildfires.
When is results day, and what should you do if you don't get the grades you need?
Amazon withheld some seller takings temporarily but is releasing them after some businesses came close to collapse.
Vicky McClure and Jonny Owen revealed their wedding on Jonny's daughter's BBC Wales radio show.
The seven-time Super Bowl winner has "made everyone's day," Birmingham City fans say.
Fast food supplier Beyond Meat has seen its sales fall - but is it cost, taste or nutrition that is putting people off?
The structure is made from 1,500 cardboard boxes and rises more than 45ft (14m) into the sky.
Stephen Chitty travelled the length and breadth of the country on 117 public buses for charity.
A BBC investigation has found evidence that betting firms are sponsoring websites associated with the game.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The Magpies were in stellar form as they ripped into a lacklustre Villa side on the opening weekend.
Charley Hull is the joint leader of the Women's Open with American Lilia Vu heading into the final round at Walton Heath on Sunday.
Watch highlights as England progress to the Women's World Cup semi-finals, where they will face co-hosts Australia, after coming from behind to beat Colombia 2-1 in Sydney.
France score a late penalty to avenge last weekend's defeat by Scotland, who run in four tries in Saint Etienne.
Leigh win their first Challenge Cup title for 52 years after they edge out a valiant Hull KR in a thriller at Wembley.
Southern Brave's Tymal Mills becomes the first male player in this year's Hundred to take a hat-trick to inspire a comfortable victory over Welsh Fire.
Match of the Day's Alan Shearer says midfielder Sandro Tonali was "magnificent" on his Newcastle debut against Aston Villa.
England have answered every challenge at the Women's World Cup, but it will be nothing compared to a semi-final against Australia, writes Emma Sanders.
Co-hosts Australia reach the Women's World Cup semi-finals for the first time as they beat France in a dramatic penalty shoot-out at Brisbane Stadium
England's Women's World Cup semi-final against Australia on Wednesday will be shown live on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
In a country where soccer has struggled to make a major impact on mainstream consciousness, Australia's victory over France in the Women's World Cup feels like a watershed moment.
Watch the moment Australia's Cortnee Vine scores the winning penalty as the Matildas beat France 7-6 on penalties to progress to the Women's World Cup semi-finals.
Lauren Hemp was your player of the match as England set up a World Cup semi-final with co-hosts Australia.
England's Women's World Cup quarter-final against Colombia will be broadcast on BBC Radio 5 Live and BBC Sounds.
Ninety-three people have been killed and hundreds are unaccounted for days after fires broke out in Hawaii.
Some residents on the Hawaiian island are questioning why there is not more official aid.
The car came off the road into the campsite at night and rolled into a tent and a group of people.
A cot protected a baby from injuries after a car crashed into its tent, says the campsite's owner.
Whether world leaders should engage with the Taliban government is complicated, writes Lyse Doucet.
Doubt hangs over the billionaires' fight plans, but Musk suggests he is open to a bout on Monday.
Russian shelling in Ukraine's southern Kherson region leaves seven civilians dead.
Landlords in England and Wales will be able to continue selling takeaway drinks through hatches under Covid-era rules.
Thousands of unexploded munitions were discovered buried in the grounds of a high school.
Chelsea agree a deal to sign Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo for a British record fee of £115m.
The police, coastguard, and mountain rescue teams have been searching for missing Isaac Johnson.
The man's name was on a document mistakenly shared by the PSNI that gave details of about 10,000 employees.
Play is halted briefly at the Women's Open in Surrey after protesters with flares make their way on to the 17th green.
Chelsea and Liverpool play out a thrilling draw as both sides illustrate why they are doing battle over £110m Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo.
Monday's papers feature a baby escaping serious injury when a car crashed into a Pembrokeshire campsite.
Tech recommendations can reveal more about us than we know ourselves - but how and why does this happen?
As cigarettes are phased out, parents say new laws do little to address rampant vaping by young people.
The BBC explores the many reasons why the central Mediterranean is among the deadliest migration routes.
Up to 100 shooting stars an hour were visible in one of the year's most anticipated astronomical events.
We take a ride on a scooter powered by the world's largest battery-swapping network.
Bayern Munich want to remain one of the hottest clubs in the world and Harry Kane's transfer is a sign of their intent, writes Constantin Eckner.
Two random attacks have led to questions in a society otherwise known for its low level of violence.
Given rising costs, some students are wondering whether going to university makes financial sense.
Beauty spot selfie photos prompt others into the mountains, says park official, amid rise in rescues.
Contestants complained they were unexpectedly asked to strip for body checks for scars and cellulite.
With a team of 30 scientists, tech entrepreneur Bryan Johnson spends millions on his body every year.
Robert Halfon calls for new talks to stop the boycott continuing into the new academic year.
The health secretary says Scottish and Welsh patients could be treated in England to cut waiting times.
Volunteers formed a human chain to pass aid off the boat as quickly as possible.
Police used a drone to find the man after he tried to steal a package and caused a minor traffic accident.
Raphael Rowe was convicted of a brutal murder in 1990 but was released 12 years into a life sentence.
Vicky McClure and Jonny Owen reveal their wedding on his daughter's BBC Wales radio show.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy says Chelsea's draw with Liverpool shows why both wanted Brighton's Moises Caicedo - before the Blues got their man.
Jamie Smith's maiden fifty in The Hundred helps Birmingham Phoenix to a 41-run victory over Oval Invincibles - their first win of the 2023 season.
Erik ten Hag says Harry Maguire would be better leaving Manchester United if he is not confident enough to battle for a first-team spot.
Lilia Vu produces a composed display to win the Women's Open at Walton Heath, the American's second major title of 2023.
BBC Sport looks at the beginning of the Ange Postecoglou era amid the backdrop of Harry Kane's exit at Tottenham.
Match of the Day 2's Shay Given praises Chelsea's new "full throttle" style of play under Mauricio Pochettino following their 1-1 draw with Liverpool.
Watch the best plays from Sunday's action in The Hundred, featuring Tom Banton, Harry Brook and Sophie Ecclestone.
Satellite images and before-and-after pictures show extent of damage to town of Lahaina on Maui.
A combination of drought, high winds but also non-native grasses made the wildfires spread rapidly.
What sparked the fires is still a mystery, but a mix of wind and dry weather helped the flames spread.
Dramatic footage shows the final moments as the Lahaina resident fled his home.
Many homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
The NSPCC says 34,000 online sexual crimes have been recorded since it first called for tougher laws.
Government funding will provide 900 new hospital beds by January, with 4,100 to follow soon after.
Detectives say the girl was alone in the house in Woking, Surrey, when she was found by officers.
Fire engulfs an area of 500 sq m (5,380 sq ft) in Makhachkala, in the southern region of Dagestan.
The draft health guidance says more people will benefit from access to online support.
More In Common says lessons need to be learned, on the two-year anniversary of the fall of Kabul.
The chief constable says the information could be used to intimidate or target officers and staff.
Two men are taken to hospital after being stabbed outside a nightclub in south London.
Shane Richie's character is diagnosed with prostate cancer in a script devised to raise awareness.
Raphael Varane heads the winner as Manchester United gain a fortunate victory over Wolves in their first game of the Premier League season.
Rotherham residents fear that someone will be badly injured or killed after a spate of crashes.
The far-right party has been ordered to pay damages over a photo used in an anti-surrogacy campaign.
Mr Trump could face charges under the Rico Act over his alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 election.
Health Secretary Steve Barclay claimed 40% more boats have been stopped this year than last year.
Motoring organisations warn price rises will pile pressure on families and small businesses.
Whether world leaders should engage with the Taliban government is complicated, writes Lyse Doucet.
With five top 10 hits in the UK, the first few years for ArrDee have been about "learning what to do".
Economists warn of inflation and say it will make foreign travel more expensive for ordinary people.
The retailer is in administration but that doesn't necessarily mean it will disappear from the High Street.
The smart doorbells have soared in popularity, but they may not help reduce the number of break-ins.
The Strictly judge was on BBC Breakfast after completing a "skyathlon" in memory of her late brother.
In Karen Bardsley's latest column, the former goalkeeper discusses the key battles between semi-finalists England and Australia before Wednesday's showdown.
The Lawrence family were disillusioned with adult care homes when they hit upon a new idea.
Known as the Godfather of Black Music, he worked with everyone from Bill Withers to Michael Jackson.
The pilot and passenger safely ejected just moments before the plane crashed in a plume of smoke.
Gill Castle wants to be the first person in the world with a stoma to swim solo across the Channel.
Three-month-old Kyra King was killed in woods in Lincolnshire as her parents exercised 19 dogs.
Michael Hillier denies murdering Liam Smith, who was shot and covered in acid, but admits manslaughter.
Erin Patterson tells police she is devastated and had no reason to harm her ex-husband's relatives.
The former home secretary criticises plans to house asylum seekers at an ex-RAF base in Essex.
Lahaina residents tell the BBC they had no official warning before "fire hurricane" engulfed their town.
The Oscar-winning composer buys the historic complex with the producers of Love Actually and Cats.
A hotel owned by a landlord jailed for forging documents is due to receive 270 asylum seekers.
New data shows the number of white people working in insecure jobs rose by a much smaller amount.
Network Rail has released footage from covert cameras at level crossings to raise safety awareness.
Steve Barclay insists ministers took "instant action" to move asylum seekers off the Bibby Stockholm.
NHS England want to reduce nine targets to three in a bid to simplify "outdated" standards.
A car crashed into a tent with a sleeping baby, who escaped serious injury.
The presenter says Sunday's BBC Radio 5 Live show was her last, explaining that "the juggle is real".
Blind and deaf Morris's severely matted fur was mistaken for rags by a rescuer, the RSPCA says
They would list the health and financial benefits of quitting and the support available in the UK.
The teenager suffered serious injuries when he plunged nearly 100ft (30m).
Paris St-Germain agree a deal to sell Neymar to Saudi Pro League side Al-Hilal for a fee of about 90m euros (£77.6m) plus add-ons.
The most active volcano in Europe, located on the island of Sicily, erupted on Sunday night.
Christian Atsu's partner Marie-Claire Rupio says she "hopes his name will never go away" in an exclusive interview with the BBC.
Chelsea complete the signing of midfielder Moises Caicedo for a £100m fee that could rise to a British club record of £115m.
Tammy Beaumont becomes the first women's batter to hit a century in The Hundred with a spectacular 118 for Welsh Fire against Trent Rockets.
Five things to look out for as Sweden, Spain, Australia and England prepare for their Women's World Cup semi-finals.
Watch the plays of the day from The Hundred including a record-breaking score from Welsh Fire batter Tammy Beaumont and a ramp six from Joe Root of the Trent Rockets.
Wolves boss Gary O'Neil says elite referees manager Jon Moss told him he "could not believe" his side was not given a late penalty in the 1-0 defeat at Manchester United.
American veteran Venus Williams beats a top-20 player for the first time since 2019 with victory over Veronika Kudermetova in the Cincinnati Open first round.
BBC Sport looks at what has prompted Chelsea to pay such a vast fee for the 21-year-old and where he will fit in to Mauricio Pochettino's side this season.
Some residents on the Hawaiian island of Maui are questioning why there is not more official aid.
Satellite images and before-and-after pictures show extent of damage to town of Lahaina on Maui.
The actor says Hawaii is "not the place" for a holiday, as locals say tourists carry on as normal while tragedy unfolds.
At least 96 people have died and hundreds are unaccounted for days after fires broke out in Hawaii.
There are 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Fresh questions are raised over why Andy Malkinson was not granted an appeal as long ago as 2009.
Hannah Ingram-Moore's company received money for an event, rather than the Captain Tom Foundation charity.
A huge fire broke out at a Buckinghamshire landfill site five years before the Black Country blaze.
Travis King, 23, dashed across the border from South Korea on 18 July while on a guided tour.
England and Australia are both hoping to make history by reaching the Women's World Cup final for the first time when they meet in Sydney on Wednesday.
Three Bulgarian nationals suspected of spying in the UK for Russia face trial for "fake passports".
The White House has been pushing back against local complaints over the federal response to the disaster.
The woman sued her ex-boyfriend for posting intimate photos of her online to "publicly shame" her.
The chief executive of Sama says it will no longer take work involving moderating harmful content.
Unlike his Indiana Jones character, Ford says he likes snakes and called the discovery "humbling".
The 3,600 photographs offer a birds-eye view of the country as it changed during the war.
An Edinburgh arts venue says Graham Linehan's beliefs do not align with its values.
Bodycam footage shows Ohio police officers approaching the animal and removing a jar stuck on its head.
Many of Wednesday's papers lead on the arrest by UK police of three people suspected of spying for Russia.
How charity investigators went undercover to outwit a global wildlife trafficking gang.
If you don't get the grades you want, don't worry you still have loads of options.
Stuffing your greenbacks into the "mattress bank" is a way of life for many Argentines.
More than 450 women from Afghanistan have escaped the country to study abroad.
Seeking the White House while facing multiple civil and criminal trials will keep Donald Trump very busy in 2024.
Deja Taylor has reportedly admitted that her gun was stored in a way that the boy could access it.
Stuart Williamson would send her partner's family texts from her phone, convincing them she was alive.
The Bibby Stockholm is empty after Legionella bacteria was found and asylum seekers taken off the barge.
Fare increases in 2024 will again be held below the rate of inflation, says government.
Some people do not realise they might not be able to clear their final debt, research suggests.
The men are found sleeping in a restricted area of the Paris monument in the early hours of Monday.
The data includes descriptions of domestic assaults, sexual offences and hate crimes, police say.
Paris St-Germain sell Neymar to Saudi Pro League side Al-Hilal for a fee of about 90m euros (£77.6m) plus add-ons.
It is accused of promoting attitudes contrary to the cultural beliefs of the mainly Muslim nation.
The Merdovine River unexpectedly burst its banks, covering the town of Bardonecchia in thick mud.
Hull-born Patricia Bredin was the first person to represent the UK at Eurovision in 1957.
Regular pay grew at 7.8% but the data has increased the possibility of another interest rate rise.
The offshore wind farm is located 1.5 miles (2.5km) off the coast of Great Yarmouth, Norfolk.
Patsy Gregory, from Lancashire, flew to South Carolina to meet Carol-Ann Krause, her pen pal since 1955.
Singers Rebecca Lucy Taylor and Jake Shears will take over the lead roles from the end of September.
The airline has defended its decision to charge an elderly couple who had mistakenly downloaded the wrong tickets.
Ben Stokes' return to the England one-day side for the defence of the World Cup in India will be confirmed on Wednesday.
Kylie Minogue voices a special rendition of 'I Should Be So Lucky' to mark England's semi-final match against Australia at the Women's World Cup.
Rangers squeeze through to a Champions League play-off against PSV Eindhoven after surviving a fraught night against Servette in sweltering Geneva.
Chelsea agree a fee with Southampton of £53m plus £5m in add-ons for midfielder Romeo Lavia.
Rangers draw with Servette in Switzerland to win 3-2 on aggregate in the Champions League third qualifying round. (UK only)
In Karen Bardsley's latest column, the former goalkeeper discusses the key battles between semi-finalists England and Australia before Wednesday's showdown.
Oval Invincibles hold their nerve to beat London Spirit by two runs amid last-ball drama in The Hundred.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
The team's never-say-die attitude has captured a nation long known for its love of an underdog story.
Australia's clash with England at the Women's World Cup has left some families divided over who they will be supporting.
England forward, Alessia Russo reflects on her winning goal against Colombia and being mentored by Lionesses' record scorer Ellen White as she looks ahead to England's semi-final match against Australia.
England's Women's World Cup semi-final against Australia on Wednesday will be shown live on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.
The Women's World Cup semi-final between Australia and England is the latest chapter in a sporting rivalry that is more than 150 years old.
Spain beat Sweden to reach their first Women's World Cup final in a dramatic finish in Auckland.
England star Georgia Stanway says the off-field support she has received from former Manchester United midfielder Luke Chadwick has played a key role in her rise.
England manager Sarina Wiegman says "Australia are not just Sam Kerr" so they need to be wary of other threats in their Women's World Cup semi-final.
Five things to look out for as Sweden, Spain, Australia and England prepare for their Women's World Cup semi-finals.
England midfielder Keira Walsh says the "pressure is on Australia" in front of a home crowd in their Women's World Cup semi-final.
BBC Sport's football expert Rachel Brown-Finnis gives her predictions for the Women's World Cup semi-finals.
Sweden will not be haunted by past semi-final heartbreaks when they face Spain in the Women's World Cup, says Arsenal's Swedish boss Jonas Eidevall.
Results in England are set to fall to 2019 levels, after Covid disruption led to spikes in top grades.
Fans are getting ready to roar on England's history-making team ahead of the World Cup final on Sunday.
The museum dismisses a member of staff and police are investigating after items go missing.
Thirty-eight others are rescued after the boat is found off the Cape Verde coast, police say.
The trailer for a new film attracts criticism from some who say it plays up to Jewish stereotypes.
More than 200 water voles are released in restored habitat in Cumbria, having previously been wiped out.
People with disabilities continue to face discrimination in the UK, says a report.
Manchester City win the Super Cup for the first time by beating Sevilla 5-4 on penalties after a 1-1 draw.
Helicopters spraying water battle to contain fires that began at a nature reserve on Tuesday.
The police say the arrest was made by detectives investigating criminality linked to the breach.
The band later apologised for the incident, which took place during a concert in Georgia.
Marco Longhi wants to see better protection for heritage buildings after crooked pub's demolition.
A blaze is threatening to reach Yellowknife, the capital of the Northwest Territories, by the weekend.
The England women's football team's World Cup run is among the big stories on Thursday's front pages.
A group of Scottish film-makers are planning to revive horror studio Amicus Productions
The toddler was taken away from her Indian family on accusations of child abuse. Her parents deny the charges.
The teenager. The prospect. The bolter. The late substitute. At Moscow 2013, an unfunded, unlikely quartet ended a 29-year wait for a British female sprint medal at a major championships.
Fierce clashes kill 55 people as many families are left trapped in their homes in Tripoli.
It comes as Kyiv said Russian strikes damaged grain facilities in a river port 260km southwest of Odesa.
Bank of Ireland says technical problems, which led to queues at some cash machines, are now fixed.
The prime minister says it is difficult for people to understand the scale of energy bill help.
John Bathgate was hit twice when he was attacked near the Colombian border during a charity expedition.
Thousands took to the streets over accusations that two Christian men had desecrated the Quran.
China police issue warnings after a child is seen playing hide and seek on the side of a apartment building.
The original venue pulled out after complaints about Graham Linehan's views on transgender issues.
Two journalists say quotes used on a Jordan Peterson book jacket misrepresented their reviews.
They have been named as Lahaina residents Robert Dyckman and Buddy Jantoc, both in their seventies.
Prices paid by UK renters rose by 5.3% on average in the year to July - the highest level seen since 2016.
Sarina Wiegman says it's a 'fairytale' to lead England to the final of the World Cup and reach her fourth major tournament final overall.
Watch highlights as goals from Ella Toone, Lauren Hemp and Alessia Russo help England book a place in their first Women's World Cup final by beating Australia 3-1.
It started as a night full of optimism in Sydney, with thousands desperate to see Australia create Women's World Cup history - but England had other ideas.
Alessia Russo scores England's third goal against Australia to help book their place in the Women's World Cup final for the first time.
Venus Williams is unable to win back-to-back matches for the first time since 2019, despite leading Zheng Qinwen by a set and a break in Cincinnati.
Manchester United say no decision has been made about Mason Greenwood's future which is still the "subject of intensive internal deliberation".
World Aquatics will debut a new open category for transgender athletes at this year's Swimming World Cup event in Berlin.
When is results day, and what should you do if you don't get the grades you need?
On results day, three teenagers reveal the unusual conditions they studied for their exams under.
Some students face tough decisions after finding out their A-level results on Thursday.
The rate at which prices are rising remains high, driven by soaring food prices.
As rail fares increase, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
The Bank of England has put up interest rates 14 times in a bid to slow price rises.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
The way organs are prioritised means those aged 26-40 wait four times longer for surgery than the over-60s.
Stars who were interviewed by Sir Michael Parkinson over the years pay tribute to the "TV legend".
The Treasury says people should be able to get cash within three miles for rural areas, or one mile in towns.
Canadians are using Facebook to share information on fire updates but Meta's news ban is a hurdle.
Television presenter Rachel Riley says she will stop supporting Manchester United if forward Mason Greenwood stays at the club.
Over long distances and with powerful explosive payloads, Ukraine's water drones are proving highly effective.
The ruling by the International Chess Federation is drawing criticism from some players.
The suspects have been charged with involuntary manslaughter after six people died last weekend.
Sam Asghari says on Instagram he and Ms Spears will "hold onto the love" they have even after divorcing.
Coleen Rooney speaks publicly about her libel case against Rebekah Vardy for the first time.
Graham Linehan's Edinburgh show was cancelled over concerns about his views on transgender issues.
The image shows what the Scottish prince could have looked like during the Jacobite Rising.
A doorbell camera recorded a woman and her dog coming face-to-face with a bear outside her home
Friday's papers are dominated by the death of chat show legend Sir Michael Parkinson at the age of 88.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Landslides and flash floods have killed dozens India's Himalayan states this month.
The man convicted of killing Renee and Andrew MacRae died without revealing where the bodies were buried.
Sir Michael interviewed the world's most famous celebrities over four decades. Here are some of them.
Those working to supply Lahaina tell of devastation, looting and frustration after a deadly fire.
A man whose brother was among around 60 Senegalese feared drowned says he would take the same risk.
The men "committed appalling offences for their own sexual gratification" against two teenage girls.
Spanish police are investigating after a British woman, 18, was allegedly attacked at a hotel.
Watch Stefanos Tsitsipas stop play during the second round of the Cincinnati Open as he alleges a spectator was making bee sounds.
The trip, not yet confirmed, would be his first since the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi.
Kerry Palin raised £34,000 for victims of the bushfires but spent it on clothes and luxury items.
A post-mortem concludes that the cause of the 10-year-old's death is "still to be established".
Pascale Ferrier, a dual citizen of Canada and France, said she regretted that her plan to "stop Trump" failed.
FA President Prince William and other British royals will not be going to Sydney for the event.
Stoke Fruit Farm urges visitors to its sunflower fields to "keep their clothes on" after reports of nudity.
Amazon admits error after voice assistant replied to semi-final query by saying there was no match.
The German city was hit by severe thunderstorms and heavy rain causing travel disruption.
Thousands of residents crowded roads and airports as a wildfire threatens the city's outskirts.
Chief executive Mark Bullingham says the Football Association wants England manager Sarina Wiegman to remain in charge "for a very long time".
Phil Salt hits a stunning 86 from 32 balls as Manchester Originals beat Trent Rockets to boost their chances of reaching The Hundred knockout stages.
Ireland coach Andy Farrell describes the controversy over son Owen's current disciplinary process as a "circus" that is "absolutely disgusting".
Watch the best of a compelling contest as Hearts recover from 3-1 down to beat Rosenborg 4-3 on aggregate in the Europe Conference League.
Hibernian put in a gutsy display to claim a draw away in Luzern and set up a mouth-watering Europa Conference League play-off meeting with Aston Villa.
Hearts roar back from 3-1 down to clinch a Europa Conference League play-off with PAOK after a breathtaking contest with Rosenborg.
England midfielder Keira Walsh says Ella Toone needs to be given more "respect" for helping the Lionesses reach the Women's World Cup final.
Hospital bosses failed to investigate allegations and tried to silence doctors, BBC investigation finds.
The 33-year-old is convicted of killing babies at the hospital neonatal unit where she worked.
Sara Sharif was found with "multiple and extensive injuries" at a house in Woking, police disclose.
A fast-moving fire in Kelowna, British Columbia forces escaping locals to jump into the local lake.
Those on the list include Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer and BBC News chief executive Deborah Turness.
England captain Harry Kane scores on his Bundesliga debut as Bayern Munich thrash Werder Bremen.
In a unique act of diplomacy, Italy's prime minister tells her government to settle the unpaid bill.
A man has admitted his listing for the Bibby Stockholm craft on Booking.com was done as "a joke".
MPs have urged police and councils to ignore instances of pubs serving outside their usual Sunday hours.
A model of the face of Bonnie Prince Charlie had been created using images taken from death masks.
US-made jets in Denmark and the Netherlands can be sent to Ukraine when its pilots are fully trained.
Elon Musk says the feature "makes no sense", but users are concerned about protection from abuse.
More than 5,000 people are forced out in a week as turf war and murders engulf Port-au-Prince.
Critics broadly welcome the Fury family's new docu-series, released on Netflix earlier this week.
The nurse who was found guilty of murdering seven babies at the Countess of Chester Hospital is led from her home into a police car.
Messages on Letby's phone show her trying to win sympathy or deflect blame after murdering babies.
The mum and dad whose two boys were victims of nurse Lucy Letby have spoken exclusively to the BBC.
The nurse went on to be found guilty of seven murders at the Countess of Chester Hospital.
Her trial spanned 10 months, but what is known about the nurse who murdered seven newborn babies?
The murder of seven babies by nurse Lucy Letby, the UK's worst child killer, leads the papers.
An ugly row between the family featured in the Oscar-winning 2009 movie resurrects criticism of the film.
BBC Sport speaks to players and coaches to get an insight into Sarina Wiegman as she prepares to lead England into the World Cup final.
Women's football matches once pulled bigger crowds than some men's games. Then they were banned.
The museum has sacked a staff member over the theft of items, which the police are now investigating.
Russia says Ukraine has launched a series of drone strikes on its territory, including on Moscow.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The US hosts its first ever joint meeting with South Korea and Japan - neighbours with a tense relationship.
Landslides and flash floods have killed dozens in India's Himalayan states this month.
A rise in drug crime in the once-peaceful country has dominated the build-up to Sunday's election.
Authorities have formally identified six wildfire victims so far. Here's what we know about them.
The Viking Cruises crew member was airlifted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary after the incident
Hawaii residents tell the BBC a stronger emergency response could have saved lives in the blaze.
The deputy leader says the party remains committed to the plans, after it emerged it will consult on them.
Stephen Nolan addresses allegations he sent sexually explicit photographs of a potential guest in 2016.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says women who "pick the right fights" can "convince us men what we have to do" to bring progress in women's football.
Around 1,000 attempts to view sites were made, but no crime was committed, Cologne's archdiocese says.
Rishi Sunak will not be travelling to Australia for the game, with diary commitments being blamed.
Martin Conway says airline staff told him he must use an app to buy a flight but did not offer any help.
Comedian Graham Linehan performed outside Holyrood after two Fringe venues pulled out of hosting his show.
The pilot died at the scene after two gliders collided over Leicestershire, police say.
Drivers will walk out on 1 September and refuse to work overtime on 2 September, the union says.
Ofgem is poised to announce a small cut in its price cap next week, a consultancy firm forecasts.
The GMB says there has been interest in firms buying "at least parts" of the homeware retailer.
West Ham midfielder Lucas Paqueta is being investigated by the Football Association for potential betting rule breaches, sources confirm to the BBC.
Chris Wood heads home the winner as Nottingham Forest beat Sheffield United at the City Ground.
Watch some of the best moments and goals from all of England's games on the road to Sunday's Women's World Cup final where they will take on Spain in Sydney.
Ravi Bopara takes 4-21 as London Spirit claim a crucial 13-run win over Northern Superchargers in The Hundred.
Luke Ayling heads the Leeds United equaliser to cancel out Brandon Thomas-Asante's controversial opener for West Bromwich Albion.
Briton Dennis McCann's super-bantamweight contest against Ionut Baluta ended in a majority draw after an accidental clash of heads.
Second-placed Wigan fight back late to pip Hull on golden-point after a dramatic finish at the DW Stadium
England and Spain have both reached the Women's World Cup final for the first time. BBC Sport takes a look back at some of their key moments on the way.
Lauren James "would be ready" if she is recalled to England's starting XI for the Women's World Cup final, says her Chelsea manager Emma Hayes.
England striker Alessia Russo says the squad will do their best to treat the Women's World Cup final against Spain like a "normal game".
The Women's World Cup final between England and Spain on Sunday will be shown live on BBC One, BBC iPlayer and the BBC Sport website.
Spain face England in the Women's World Cup with their boss Jorge Vilda dividing opinion after he survived a player revolt to keep his job.
Sarina Wiegman says she has "no plans to leave" her job as England manager and intends to see out the rest of her contract, which lasts until 2025.
We've been waiting for that performance from England, and Sarina Wiegman has brought everyone together, says record scorer Ellen White.
FA President Prince William and other British royals will not be going to Sydney for the event.
Speaking on BBC Breakfast, former England player and coach Gary Neville says the Lionesses are "making their mark on everybody in this country" with their run to Sunday's World Cup final.
Families of some of the babies attacked said a non-statutory inquiry was 'inadequate'.
NHS trust board was told there was 'no criminal activity pointing to any one individual', he says.
A Russian missile strike hits the heart of the northern city of Chernihiv, Ukraine says.
The Prince of Wales and King Charles wish the England team well in messages ahead of the final.
A 50-year-old man is charged with possessing documents or records likely to be useful to terrorists.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The storm is expected to hit Mexico's Pacific coast and then move towards southern California.
Karen and Lauren discuss how their "therapeutic" way of life has become a "living hell".
Two police teams are assigned to find Urfan Sharif in Pakistan, BBC News is told.
It's just the second time since 2015 that the UK has has seen two named storms in August.
One prostate cancer patient says he was forced to carry used "nappies" around in a backpack.
As Canada's northern and western provinces battle historic wildfires, thousands have been displaced.
Kosovare Asllani's stunning second-half strike seals victory for Sweden as they beat Australia to finish third at the Women's World Cup at Brisbane Stadium.
England's World Cup final clash with Spain and fallout from Lucy Letby's baby murders lead the papers.
How Germany's reckoning with its past has changed the experience of Jews in the Armed Forces.
Airlines increasingly charge for perks like speedy booking and seat selection, but some passengers say the costs are too high
Drew Findling. dubbed the Billion Dollar Lawyer, defends rappers. Why is he representing Mr Trump?
Young luxury estate agents face pressure to succeed in BBC's Crazy Rich Agents.
One streamer tells us he has stopped making sleep videos after it affected his mental health.
The news anchor remained calm and went to a commercial break.
Artist Sean Sevestre has played a key role in the creation of the film despite being based in Edinburgh.
Khartoum has become lawless after four months of war, forcing some residents to arm themselves.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Writing after her husband filed for divorce, the singer says she "couldn't take the pain anymore".
The chef is closing his two Michelin-starred restaurant in Mayfair after 56 years.
Millie Gribble died two days after she and two teenagers were struck by a van, police say.
England have to "play the game of our lives" if they are to win the Women's World Cup, says captain Millie Bright.
The Scottish Crannog Centre burnt down two years ago but now a new village is being built.
Elon Musk says the feature "makes no sense", but users are concerned about protection from abuse.
The Lionesses will become the first England side since 1966 to win a senior final on the global stage if they defeat Spain at Stadium Australia in Sydney on Sunday.
England forward Billy Vunipola is sent off as Ireland secure a major momentum boost before the World Cup by scoring five tries in a comfortable win.
Defending champions Manchester City remind their title rivals they remain the team to beat by seeing off a determined Newcastle side.
Watch as Great Britain win silver in the 4x400m mixed relay final after Netherlands' Femke Bol falls in the final few yards at the World Athletics Championships.
BBC Sport pundits Alex Scott, Fara Williams and Ellen White discuss whether Lauren James should be recalled to England's starting line-up for the Women's World Cup final against Spain.
More than 50 years after a ban on women's football was lifted, England are in to the World Cup final - but how did we get here?
From reaching the quarter-finals in 1995 to securing a spot in this year's final, we look back at the Lionesses' World Cup journey.
Sarina Wiegman says she has "no plans to leave" her job as England manager and intends to see out the rest of her contract, which lasts until 2025.
England's wait to win a first Women's World Cup title goes on following defeat by Spain in the final on a heartbreaking evening in Sydney.
England's wait to win a first Women's World Cup goes on after defeat by Spain in the 2023 final in Sydney.
Olga Carmona, who scored Spain's winner in the Women's World Cup final, is told after the game against England that her father has died.
Storm Hilary makes landfall in Mexico's Baja California state, heading for the south-western US.
The conviction on Friday made Lucy Letby the UK's most prolific child serial killer in modern times.
Surrey County Council says it is "working tirelessly" to understand what happened to Sara.
The campaign was overshadowed by a wave of shootings, including the assassination of a candidate.
Festival-goers in the CBeebies Bedtime Story tent are treated to a reading by Kate Winslet.
Officials restrict travel to Kelowna, a lakeside city of 132,000 people where smoke hangs on the water.
The gunman is shot dead by police, as Hollywood director Paul Feig pays tribute to the victim.
Electronic screens were shut down after a hacker used one to run a pornographic film.
The legendary car was left untouched for decades until a hurricane blew the roof off a Florida barn.
The Location, Location, Location host says his family is "sad and shocked beyond all belief".
The Lionesses narrow 1-0 loss to Spain in the World Cup final in Australia leads Monday's papers.
Stolen items from the British Museum spark debate over the safety of the world's greatest treasures.
England fans are heartbroken after their one-nil defeat to jubilant Spain in the Women's World Cup final.
Drew Findling, dubbed the Billion Dollar Lawyer, defends rappers. Why is he representing Mr Trump?
Karen and Lauren say their "therapeutic" way of life has become a "living hell".
Family of 19th Century prime minister will visit the Caribbean to apologise for an ancestor's role in the slave trade.
Kyiv is accused of attacking the transport hub in Kursk - and also the Rostov and Moscow regions.
Gen Tchiani said that Niger did not want a war but would defend itself against foreign intervention.
Two people had got into difficulties in the water at Clacton-on-Sea on Saturday afternoon.
The US actor, won two Emmy Awards for his role in the TV series, had long-standing lung problems.
The Viking Cruises crew member was airlifted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary after the incident on Friday.
The Welsh Guards play a musical tribute to the Lionesses at the Wellington Barracks in London.
Waitrose and John Lewis are offering free hot drinks under the "Thanks a Latte" initiative.
The couple found dead at a home outside Newry are believed to have died some time ago, the PSNI say.
Another shootout prompts a call to tackle gang violence ahead of Sunday's presidential vote.
One prostate cancer patient says he was forced to carry used "nappies" around in a backpack.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson says winning world heptathlon gold in Budapest is "like being in a dream" on a stellar night for GB in Budapest.
Watch the winning moment as Great Britain's Katarina Johnson-Thompson secures heptathlon gold in a thrilling 800m race.
MOTD2 pundit Martin Keown says it was worrying to see exactly how bad Everton's basics were in the 4-0 defeat at Aston Villa on Sunday.
Watch as Great Britain's Zharnel Hughes takes bronze in the men's 100m, while Noah Lyles of the United States wins gold.
West Ham United manager David Moyes says there was "never any doubt" about playing Lucas Paqueta in the 3-1 win against Chelsea.
Watch Katarina Johnson-Thompson's performances in all seven events as she becomes world heptathlon champion for the second time.
After Celtic having never lost a domestic cup game under Brendan Rodgers, Kilmarnock shock them in the first tie of the manager's second spell.
England's Mary Earps is named the best goalkeeper at the 2023 Women's World Cup and wins the Golden Glove award.
Tearful fans still adore this England side after Women's World Cup final heartbreak.
As their team wins its first-ever World Cup in Sydney, supporters of women's football celebrate back home.
The Prince of Wales has led a flood of support for England after they narrowly lost the World Cup final.
When the full-time whistle was blown in Sydney, it felt like the Lionesses' best opportunity to win a Women's World Cup had passed them by.
England captain Millie Bright says the defeat to Spain in the Women's World Cup final is "really hard to take".
Watch Olga Carmona score the winner for Spain as they beat England 1-0 in the Women's World Cup final in Sydney.
Spain boss Jorge Vilda says his players are "eternal" and have a "star on their chest forever" after they defeat England to win the Fifa Women's World Cup.
Watch England goalkeeper Mary Earps saves Jennifer Hermoso's penalty in the Women's World Cup final.
England goalkeeper Mary Earps is named your player of the match after saving a penalty in their 1-0 Women's World Cup final defeat by Spain.
Giving the nurse a whole-life sentence, the judge says there was "a malevolence bordering on sadism".
The dad of two murdered boys says "it destroyed me", and a mum says she relives an attack "every day".
Analysis from the High Pay Centre suggests the average pay of a FTSE 100 boss was £3.91m last year.
New airline data indicates the number of lost, delayed or damaged bags is returning to pre-pandemic levels.
Mason Greenwood will leave Manchester United following an internal investigation after police dropped charges of attempted rape and assault.
The body of Sara Sharif, aged 10, was found at her home in Woking, prompting a murder inquiry.
The clip suggests Prigozhin is in Africa, where Wagner is thought to have thousands of fighters.
The 100-year-old wood structure was recently renovated but not fireproofed, say owners.
Cambridge-based Arm files papers to list in New York after opting against London, in a blow to the UK.
Anthony Stinson walked up to Charlotte Wilcock's home and stabbed her 50 times with a knife.
The Auschwitz Museum reported the post but was initially told by X it did not break safety rules.
The prime minister accuses the company of putting profits over safety amid Canada's wildfire crisis.
The Spanish football team celebrate their win as they land at Madrid airport.
Tuesday's headlines are dominated by the sentencing of child serial killer Lucy Letby.
Can lessons be learned from Portugal, which relaxed its drugs laws more than 20 years ago?
A random postcode generator decides where Polly Weston must go for her BBC Radio 4 series The Patch.
BBC science correspondent Pallab Ghosh has the age of his heart assessed by artificial intelligence.
Kelso Cochrane's daughter is at the centre of the family's efforts to get the police files opened.
Migrants tell the BBC they were shot on the Saudi border as a new report alleges "mass killings".
Line of Duty Actor Tommy Jessop takes his script to Hollywood in bid to get leading roles.
A public parole hearing could see Glyn Razzell finally reveal what happened to his wife Linda.
Singer-songwriter Debbie met the award-winning rapper last year and has worked closely with him since.
The tiny insect, the scarce yellow sally, is bred in a zoo, raising hopes for saving the species.
Luis Rubiales apologises for kissing forward Jenni Hermoso on the lips after Spain's Women's World Cup final win following widespread criticism.
Major roads in and out of the California desert town are closed after more than three inches of rain.
One juror fell asleep while another could not hear crucial evidence at Sheffield Crown Court.
King Charles is continuing his mother's royal tradition of taking a summer residence in Scotland.
Prosecutors say there is insufficient evidence to bring charges over the 1974 attack.
But the sector says asking landlords to review restrictive contracts will only make a small difference.
It is less expensive to rent than buy for the first time since 2010, but there are wide regional variations.
Tropical Storm Hilary is barrelling through Southern California where 26 million people face flood warnings.
The broadcaster, 57, urged his Virgin Radio listeners to get themselves checked.
The actor will continue to work with Nintendo as a "Mario ambassador".
The Women's World Cup final between England and Spain on Sunday drew a peak audience of 12 million viewers on BBC One.
Inventors hope maiden voyage will help usher in new era of greener shipping.
Day after Luna-25 crash, India space agency says lander trying to find area without boulders or deep trenches.
The Met Police has been investigating cash-for-honours allegations involving the Prince's Foundation.
Underwear labels urge people to contact their GP if they spot symptoms of breast or testicular cancer.
The AA saw call-outs jump with drivers reporting damage after wet weather hampered road repairs.
Gary Neville says Manchester United's handling of the Mason Greenwood investigation has been "pretty horrible" and lacked strong leadership.
Arsenal beat Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park thanks to a penalty from captain Martin Odegaard.
Famous former players, a famous former manager, but Naples' second club are focused on more important priorities.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his second Team of the Week this season?
Britain's Dina Asher-Smith misses out on a world 100m medal as American Sha'Carri Richardson wins her first major title against a star-studded field in Budapest.
Watch USA's Sha'Carri Richardson win her first 100m world title, beating Jamaica's Shericka Jackson and Shelley-Ann Fraser-Pryce, with Dina Asher-Smith finishing eighth.
It was not the ending she deserved but Mary Earps rightly celebrated her Golden Glove award after the Women's World Cup final defeat by Spain.
Letby's court absence for her sentencing has renewed calls for the law to be changed to compel convicts to attend.
The nurse, who killed seven babies, is the UK's most prolific child serial killer in modern times.
The nurse was questioned for nearly 60 hours - the BBC's Judith Moritz watched it all.
Alison Kelly is suspended from her current role after information emerged in the Lucy Letby trial.
There are striking parallels in the cases of Lucy Letby and Beverley Allitt, who killed four children.
The nurse who was found guilty of murdering seven babies at the Countess of Chester Hospital is led from her home into a police car.
England return from Australia following defeat in the Women's World Cup final - but what will they be looking ahead to now?
They spent hours dangling above a ravine in high winds before being rescued by helicopter and zip line.
Military helicopters and commandos worked to free eight people - including six children.
The 34-year-old hopes to now become a mum as older sister donates her womb in pioneering transplant.
Dealer and buyer Ittai Gradel reported stolen items to the museum two-and-a-half years ago, emails show.
A senior Surrey Police officer says contact with the murdered girl's family was "some years ago".
Rachel Riley accuses Manchester United of "gaslighting" and "green lighting" abuse for their handling of the decision to part company with Mason Greenwood.
Lauren Taylor was 16 when she was raped by Metropolitan Police officer Adam Provan in 2010.
Owen Farrell will miss England's first two pool games at the World Cup as World Rugby successfully appeals against the decision to overturn his red card.
Three civilians aged 63 to 88 were 'sitting on a bench' in eastern Ukraine when shells hit.
The government says a loan guarantee will help improve Ukraine's energy security.
Ex-Trump lawyer John Eastman is one of two accused in the Georgia indictment to surrender on Tuesday.
The woman was allegedly forced to have sex and was filmed by the suspected aggressors.
The BBC Radio 5Live presenter describes a former Edinburgh Academy teacher as a "prolific paedophile".
Wednesday's papers cover the UK's first womb transplant and the aftermath of the Lucy Letby trial.
Omar has helped return over 500 stolen bikes to their rightful owners
They have millions of followers, but can they cut it in front of a crowd at the Edinburgh Fringe?
Lucy Letby has been found guilty of seven child murders - but many questions are still to be answered
Families hope a public inquiry can be held into the 1974 attacks in Birmingham instead.
How do they work across the UK, what can I borrow and when do I have to start paying it back?
Fitness influencer Stef Williams says she struggled to find help online when she was diagnosed.
Ukraine has a soldier shortage. Though many have volunteered, others are dodging the draft.
Japan wants to release Fukushima's waste water into the ocean - and a lot of people are not happy.
A judge says the man, who has "chronic" kidney disease, should not be made to undergo treatment.
Further work will be carried out to remove hazardous waste, South Staffordshire Council says.
A second tropical storm hits the US as Harold slams Texas while California cleans up after Hilary.
Initial reports suggest those who died in a national park in northern Greece may have been migrants.
Diezani Alison-Madueke is alleged to have accepted financial rewards for awarding oil contracts.
Firm makes fresh offer to acquire Activision after UK regulators rejected its first bid.
The UN-approved plan will proceed despite opposition from locals and neighbouring countries.
Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer says the current system for students is "unfair and ineffective".
Comedian Lorna Rose Treen's one-liner tops the public vote at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.
An ancient "sea monster" bone found in Cambridge was probably collected by a Roman fossil hunter.
It wasn't the engine purring... but a kitten called Gizmo hiding behind the grille of the Mercedes.
The tech giant says it is working to add new features after many early users drifted away.
Spain's prime minister says there is "a long way to go for equality" after Luis Rubiales kissed Jenni Hermoso following the Women's World Cup final.
Thaksin Shinawatra, one of Thailand's most divisive figures, is home after 15 years in exile.
Rangers' hopes of successive seasons in the Champions League group stages remain in the balance after a tense draw with PSV Eindhoven.
Watch the fun scenes as Italy's Gianmarco Tamberi entertains on his way to gold in the high jump final at the World Athletics Championships.
Britain's Laura Muir finishes sixth at the World Championships in Budapest as Faith Kipyegon wins her third 1500m title.
More than 17,000 defeats, just one 52-year-old victory. What it is really like to play for the Washington Generals, the most famous, and consistent, losers in sport?
Ferrari team principal Frederic Vasseur says it would be "strange" to change the result of the 2008 world championship 15 years after events.
Phil Foden could be set for his biggest season yet, with the forward showing he can make the number 10 position his own at Manchester City.
PGA Tour commissioner Jay Monahan says there is an "intensity and urgency" to completing the deal with Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund.
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
However, the company's administrator said parts of the business could still be bought.
The star says broadcasters like the BBC are avoiding difficult subjects for fear of causing offence.
The pass rate is send to be much closer to 2019 levels, with the steepest fall in England.
Rishi Sunak apologises for "inadvertent errors" when providing information about financial interests.
Footage exclusively obtained by the BBC shows people huddling together in the stranded cable car.
Britain's Josh Kerr stuns Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen to win 1500m gold at the World Championships in Budapest.
A woman says she learned about Sara Sharif's injuries from her daughter, who was in the same class.
The body was found on one of Austria's fastest melting glaciers in the province of Tyrol.
Former medical director Ian Harvey has been accused of a "shameful" failure to address their concerns.
The 18 year old leaked clips of the unreleased Grand Theft Auto 6 game while on police bail.
A report led by the judge, Patrick Robinson, says the UK should pay £18.8tn for its role in slavery.
Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey visits Mid Bedfordshire as voters wait for their MP to formally resign.
After his failed rebellion, most Russians were probably surprised this hadn't happened sooner.
The BBC's analysis editor Ros Atkins takes a look at Yevgeny Prigozhin throughout the years.
Ever since he led a mutinous march on Moscow in late June, some speculated Yevgeny Prigozhin's days were numbered.
Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin is presumed dead after a plane he was meant to be on crashed.
Online footage appears to show a plane falling from the sky, the BBC has been able to verify the location.
For decades Russia's Vladimir Putin relied on Yevgeny Prigozhin's services, until he staged a mutiny.
Poland is sending 10,000 more troops to the border to guard against Wagner mercenaries in Belarus.
Thursday's papers focus on the presumed death of Wagner boss Yevgeny Prigozhin in a plane crash.
Katie Moon and Nina Kennedy decide to share their pole vault gold medal in a touching moment at the World Championships in Budapest.
Controversial incidents distracted from women’s achievements on the pitch during the Women’s World Cup.
Writer Edwin Flay describes what motivated him to create a play about the serial killer GP.
How do I appeal, what are the grade boundaries, and what can I do next?
Russia says Ukraine has launched a series of drone strikes on its territory, including on Moscow.
Gamers saw this autumn's biggest new releases, including Call of Duty, Starfield and Assassin's Creed
How Trump's rivals can gain ground as frontrunner schedules interview with Tucker Carlson at same time.
The end of Thaksin Shinawatra's 15-year exile is no isolated event, but part of a grand political bargain.
Ishpreet Singh Chadha was a top shooter competitor, but his real dream was a career on the green baize.
Chandrayaan-3 has created history by landing near the little-explored south pole of the Moon.
Two teams of US scientists have converted brain signals into words at a faster rate than before.
Chief executive Dame Alison Rose quit the bank over the closure of Nigel Farage's account.
Hartwig Fischer says claims made by a former art dealer do not tell the whole story.
Watchdog says it is struck by how many people get unwanted propositions from staff who have their data.
Romanian prosecutors' files, seen by BBC, allegedly show the influencer coercing women into sex acts.
The alleged spy used several names in attempt to entrap officials and extract state secrets
The man was thrown into the air and fell onto concrete after trying to "hug" the Jet d'Eau on Lake Geneva.
Matthew Waddell denies murdering mother-of-three Sarah Albone, found dead at home in Biggleswade.
The UK economy is set to shrink between July and September and risks a downturn, a survey warns.
One of the oldest wooden rollercoasters in the world, the Big Dipper can carry 672 riders an hour.
Ollie Watkins' devastating hat-trick helps ruthless Aston Villa mark their return to European football with a first-leg Europa Conference League play-off demolition of Hibernian.
Southern Brave beat Manchester Originals to secure a top-three finish and set up a rematch between the sides in Saturday's eliminator.
Watch the moment Great Britain's Josh Kerr holds off a challenge from favourite Jakob Ingebrigtsen to win gold in the world 1500m final.
A union representing Spain forward Jennifer Hermoso, who was kissed on the lips by Spanish football federation president Luis Rubiales, says the incident should not go unpunished.
What can Manchester City expect from their imminent new signing from Rennes, Jeremy Doku?
Rory McIlroy says the absence of LIV players from Team Europe will have no bearing on their chances of reclaiming the Ryder Cup.
Owen Farrell missing the first two games of the World Cup is "not the end of the world" for England, says Matt Dawson.
The cap which sets typical household energy bills is expected to drop slightly from October.
The Russian president says the Wagner group boss was a "talented person" who made "serious mistakes".
The BBC's Analysis Editor takes a look at four different potential causes of the plane crash.
Kenneth Law is alleged to have sold lethal substance online to people in the UK, Canada and the US.
The late presenter was also "very insecure and wracked with self-doubt," Mike Parkinson says.
England's exams watchdog said this year was about returning to normal - but it's not quite there.
Two men are in police custody on suspicion of arson with intent to endanger life.
More than 150,000 signed a petition started by a teen urging Nike to sell goalie kit.
Ian Fitzgibbon, 28, has been charged with the murder of Ashley Dale in Liverpool last August.
The number of asylum applications increased by almost a fifth in a year, the Home Office says.
Police are investigating an assault on two men in Brixton who were punched at a bus stop.
Britain's Matthew Hudson-Smith claims a gutsy 400m World Championships silver, finishing just 0.09 seconds behind Antonio Watson.
Karl Porter's impression of a footballer's celebration has been shared widely on social media.
Friday's papers lead with reaction from Putin and the West to the death of Yevgeny Prigozhin.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Twenty years on, Olivia Graham tells how her dad helped return a stolen masterpiece - then got arrested.
Japan wants to release Fukushima's waste water into the ocean - and a lot of people are not happy.
BBC News looks at the seaworthiness of the inflatables being used by many of the migrants who cross the English Channel - and why experts warn they're death traps.
The death of Sinead O'Connor, who stayed in one former laundry as a teen, has prompted renewed interest.
Twenty minutes into the presidential debate came a simple question. The answers were anything but.
How do I appeal, what are the grade boundaries, and what can I do next?
Residents of a Perthshire village set up their own bus company after losing their local service.
Analysis suggests senior doctor pay a little behind Germany and Ireland but higher than Spain and Italy.
The retailer is in administration but that doesn't necessarily mean it will disappear from the High Street.
As part of London Zoo's annual weigh-in, thousands of animals are checked for health and wellbeing.
The Wisbech farm doubles production of watermelons, despite the "challenging" British weather.
Europe's biggest street party returns to west London for the 55th year.
A court heard a 16-year-old boy robbed the Welsh baritone in front of his son in west London.
The review will examine the miscarriage of justice that saw an innocent man spend 17 years in jail.
The sandwich maker has been bought by Roark Capital, ending six decades of family ownership.
The Élysée Palace says the King's visit is an "honour" after it was initially postponed in March.
A boatload of passengers see several bottlenose dolphins attack the smaller sea mammal.
The museum announced last week that it had sacked a member of staff over items allegedly going missing.
Sir John Eliot Gardiner allegedly struck a singer in the face after a performance in France.
Ex-referee Mike Dean failed to use VAR in a Premier League match to save fellow official Anthony Taylor from extra "grief".
Manchester City complete the £55.4m signing of Belgium winger Jeremy Doku from Rennes on a five-year contract.
Aberdeen come from two goals down to earn a sensational draw against Swedish champions Hacken in the Europa League play-off and reignite their chances of reaching the group stages.
Jamaica's Andrew Hudson is left with shards of glass in his eye after two buggies transporting athletes crashed at the World Athletics Championships.
Manchester United Women reject a significant offer from an unnamed club for England goalkeeper Mary Earps.
Watch as a spectator takes a tumble over the railings while attempting to take a catch during The Hundred match between Birmingham Phoenix and London Spirit at Edgbaston.
Birmingham Phoenix beat London Spirit by 77 runs as The Hundred group stages come to an end.
If Yevgeny Prigozhin's reported death is revenge, it sends a message to Russians, writes Steve Rosenberg.
Wagner chief Prigozhin's "right hand man" Dmitry Utkin, financier Valeriy Chekalov and fighters.
The Russian president offered "sincere condolences" to the family of those killed in the crash.
With a global military footprint, experts are asking how Wagner will fill the void left by its leader.
Ever since he led a mutinous march on Moscow in late June, some speculated Yevgeny Prigozhin's days were numbered.
Online footage appears to show a plane falling from the sky in the Tver region.
Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin is presumed dead after a plane he was meant to be on crashed.
The leader of the Wagner mercenary group is thought to have died in a plane crash in western Russia.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people will get extra help with energy bills.
Energy prices will be lower this coming winter - but you may be able to save even more on your bill.
Jenni Hermoso says she did not consent to be kissed by Spanish FA president Luis Rubiales - as 81 players say they will not play for Spain's women's team until he leaves.
Russian mercenary chief Yevgeny Prigozhin and nine other people are presumed to have died in the crash.
Hartwig Fischer said the museum "did not respond as comprehensively as it should have" to the thefts.
Sarah Moulds also criticises the RSPCA, saying it was "pressured" to prosecute by "online bullies".
UK's second-biggest vape company, Chinese-owned SKE, has since deleted some social media accounts.
American pole vaulter Katie Moon defends her decision to share gold with Australian Nina Kennedy following social media criticism.
A cocktail of problems has hit the wine industry, including demand falling as more people drink craft beer.
Family of the former prime minister are accused of ignoring the case for reparations in Jamaica.
The volunteers have signed up for what has been described as the biggest Nessie hunt in decades.
The officer is in a critical condition in hospital after trying to save a man on the railway lines.
Authorities want any survivors on the list to come forward in order to narrow down the search.
The One Direction star apologised to fans and said he had been in hospital over the past week.
Kimberly-Clark is pulling its consumer facial tissues from Canada, citing “unique complexities".
The former US president's arrest, and calls for another investigation into serial killer Lucy Letby feature on the front pages.
Trustees need to show they have a plan to put things right after a damaging week over missing treasures.
Within hours, his campaign website was selling mugshot-branded mugs, t-shirts and drink coolers.
It is the only known complete set of crew member photographs from the Franklin expedition in the Arctic.
Who is Luis Rubiales, the Spanish FA chief who is under pressure after kissing Jenni Hermoso after the World Cup?
Members of the RMT rail workers' union and Aslef train drivers' union are set to strike again.
The death of Princess Diana will be recreated in the forthcoming final season of the Netflix drama.
Fears over Mali's future are growing - it relies on Wagner for security but the group's leader is now believed to be dead.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Ukraine's "tactically significant" progress in the village is overshadowed by news of the Prigozhin plane crash.
Twenty years on, Olivia Graham tells how her dad helped return a stolen masterpiece - then got arrested.
A UK version of Love Is Blind is coming, plus a "middle-aged Love Island" and Love Island Games.
Europe's biggest street party returns to west London for the 55th year.
When a report of a snake on the loose came in, this police department sent their 'snake whisperer'
Police are investigating the crash which closed the A20 near Farningham, Kent, for several hours.
Two men arrested on suspicion of committing arson with intent to endanger life are released on bail.
A new price cap by regulator Ofgem means a typical home will pay £1,923 a year from October for energy.
Visitors to the Reading and Leeds festivals and Notting Hill Carnival face disruption as rail workers walk out.
The lager-maker will take a huge loss on the division which, it said, had taken longer to jettison.
Alim Beisembayev was drafted into the Proms with just 36 hours notice when another musician fell ill.
A 43-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of neglect of a child.
Kenneth Law is alleged to have run a number of websites selling equipment to assist suicide.
The late presenter was also "very insecure and wracked with self-doubt", Mike Parkinson says.
Raheem Sterling's two goals against Luton Town help Chelsea claim their first Premier League win under manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Noah Lyles completes a sensational sprint double at the World Athletics Championships as Zharnel Hughes misses out on a 200m medal.
Heavyweight Robert Helenius returns an "adverse analytical finding" following a voluntary drug test taken the day before his bout with Anthony Joshua, Matchroom Boxing says.
Watch as Jamaica's Shericka Jackson runs a championship record of 21.41 seconds - the second fastest time in history - to win gold in the 200m final at the World Athletics Championships.
Alpha Tauri driver Daniel Ricciardo will miss the Dutch Grand Prix after breaking his hand in a crash in Friday practice at Zandvoort.
South Africa score five tries at Twickenham to record the biggest defeat on the All Blacks, as second row Scott Barrett is sent off.
Watch as Noah Lyles completes the sprint double by adding the 200m title to his 100m crown, winning the final in 19.52 seconds at the World Athletics Championships.
The cap which sets typical household energy bills is expected to drop slightly from October.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
With weak competition adding to fuel prices, are drivers doing the right things to save money?
More than two months after saying she would go, she tells Rishi Sunak "history will not judge you kindly".
Spain's Women's World Cup-winning head coach Jorge Vilda has called the moment Luis Rubiales kissed squad member Jennifer Hermoso "inappropriate and unacceptable".
The controversy concerning the head of Spanish football and a kiss at the Women's World Cup final explained.
Andrii Pilshchykov won fame taking part in dogfights over Kyiv during the early phase of Russia's invasion.
Watch highlights as Great Britain's women win 4x100m relay bronze behind winners the United States at the World Athletics Championships.
The injured include 26 firefighters sent to a stricken liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) station near Bucharest.
Two men and a woman were killed by a gunman who then shot himself, in a "hate-filled" attack, officials say.
Around 2,000 items are thought to have been stolen from the museum, here's what we know about it so far.
Thieves climbed to an altitude of 2,350m and traversed gorges - all to rob a collection box.
Briton Daniel Dubois felt "cheated out of victory" after losing his world-title challenge to Ukrainian Oleksandr Usyk on a dramatic night in front of 40,000 boisterous fans in Poland.
England slump to a fifth defeat in six matches as their World Cup preparations end with a first ever defeat by Fiji at Twickenham.
Barker was the face of The Price Is Right, the longest-running game show in the US, for 35 years.
The family of Claire Knights, who went missing from Upstreet, has been informed, police say.
A suspected cyber attack on the Metropolitan Police and the resignation of Nadine Dorries lead the papers.
The Spanish FA's president kissing player Jenni Hermoso on the lips has sparked a national conversation.
How a London barrister became the lady of a Highland home dubbed the Castle of Spite.
The US star performs her latest celluloid hit while becoming the festival's youngest solo headliner.
Members of the RMT rail workers' union and Aslef train drivers' union are set to strike again.
Republicans in the US state could be a blueprint for a conservative movement beyond the former president.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The BBC takes a look at the science behind the controversial water release.
The volunteers have signed up for what has been described as the biggest Nessie hunt in decades.
How snorkelling in a cold, dark, claustrophobic bog trench inspired Julia Galvin to walk again.
A leading expert in looted antiquities tells the BBC the number of objects lost is "mind-blowing".
Europe's biggest street party returns to west London for the 55th year.
RMT members walk out over pay and working conditions, disrupting many people's bank holiday travel plans.
The event in Zandvoort aspires to be the most sustainable race on the F1 calendar.
Marsden co-wrote hits including Here I Go Again and Fool For Your Loving, before going solo.
Jos Buttler leads a superb Manchester Originals chase of 197 to beat Southern Brave in the men's Hundred eliminator.
Watch as Ben Pattison becomes the first British man to win a World Championship 800m medal since 1987.
Britain's Ben Pattison claims a shock 800m bronze medal with a sensational run on his World Championships debut in Budapest.
British number seven Lily Miyazaki qualifies for the main draw of a major for the first time at the US Open, but Liam Broady is out.
West Ham continue their unbeaten Premier League start by stunning Brighton as James Ward-Prowse scores his first Hammers goal.
Northern Superchargers progress to the final of the women's Hundred after lightning and rain mean their eliminator against Welsh Fire is abandoned.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag hails Bruno Fernandes after the Portuguese keeps his nerve to seal a 3-2 comeback win over Nottingham Forest at Old Trafford.
Genetic analysis of the bodies was carried out following Wednesday's crash, Russian officials say.
Passers-by fought to free the pair during the flash flood in Liverpool, but they were later pronounced dead.
A small number of people are being cared for onboard after sustaining minor injuries, P&O says.
Great Britain won 10 medals in Budapest to equal their best medal haul at a World Championships.
Afghanistan's vice and virtue minister says female visitors to Band-e-Amir were not wearing hijabs properly.
The education minister says female Muslim students will not be allowed to wear the loose-fitting robe.
Aston Villa's team bus is attacked following the game at Burnley, causing significant damage but no injuries.
Merchandise bearing the ex-president's scowling face at his arrest on Thursday is flying off the shelves.
Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves says extra money for public services must come from economic growth.
The man who shot dead three Black people had a "disgusting ideology of hate", Jacksonville's sheriff says.
Oval Invincibles stage a remarkable fightback to beat Manchester Originals and win the men's Hundred at Lord's.
The partial remains were found by a member of the public near the Manor Steps Zig Zag in Bournemouth.
The mystery of the Loch Ness Monster lives on despite a weekend of amateur sleuthing.
Calls for an end to schisms among Tory MPs and plans for migrants to be given GPS tags lead the papers.
China sees both extreme heat and devastating floods, including in areas where flooding was unheard of.
The city has become the crucible of an experiment - are robotaxis ready for the streets?
Resistance to the military has come in many forms, including the development of an app-based game.
With one third of lorries in the UK driving empty, some hauliers are turning to technology for help.
It all began in St Petersburg when state security services mingled with the criminal underworld.
The multinational girl group has sparked a debate about whether they can truly be considered K-pop.
The Geordie rock star confirmed his headliner status with a career-defining set.
Indigenous communities in northern Argentina are determined to protect the land from lithium mining.
Leonid Radvinsky, a 41-year-old entrepreneur based in Florida, owns all the shares of the company.
The BBC's Andrew Harding reflects on his years in a country of increasingly stark contrasts.
London's Ultra Low Emission Zone is expanding to cover all of the city from 29 August.
As Glasgow City Council finalises plans to redevelop the city's "Golden Z", Glaswegians share their views.
A Huddersfield exhibition explores the life and legacy of Sheffield-born improviser Derek Bailey.
Hundreds of ginger-haired people from across the world took part in the three-day Dutch gathering.
The next generation of carnival performers took to the streets of west London for the children's day parade
The Met Office said the waterspout was spotted on Saturday morning.
Casings and coins at a site in central France suggest prisoners were shot by the French Resistance after D-Day.
St Mungo Vintners shut in Glasgow in 1974 and its interior gathered dust in a warehouse for decades.
The solo show by graffiti artist Banksy in Glasgow was his first in 14 years and drew 180,000 visitors.
John Tinniswood recommended "exercising the mind" as he was presented with a card from the King.
Norway's Viktor Hovland hits a superb bogey-free seven-under-par 63 to win the PGA Tour's season-ending Tour Championship by five shots in Atlanta.
Darwin Nunez goes from "agent of chaos" to "architect of a truly remarkable turnaround" in firing ten-man Liverpool to a remarkable comeback victory at Newcastle.
Keely Hodgkinson is forced to settle for silver as Kenya's Mary Moraa triumphs in a thrilling 800m final at the World Championships.
Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson wins her second consecutive silver medal in the 800m at the World Athletics Championships as Kenya's Mary Moraa takes gold.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his third Team of the Week this season?
Watch highlights as Tom Curran and Jimmy Neesham's 127-run partnership sees the Oval Invincibles recover from a 34-5 start to beat the Manchester Originals by 14 runs and win the men's Hundred final at Lords.
Air passengers are hit by severe delays and cancellations - with warnings some disruption could last for days.
Spanish Football Federation regional leaders call on their president Luis Rubiales to immediately resign, while Spanish prosecutors open a preliminary investigation.
Elaine and Philip Marco were due to celebrate their 54th anniversary next week, their family says.
With feathers, dancing and steel band music, the London streets came alive with Caribbean culture.
West Point academy unveiled the contents of a nearly 200-year-old lead box. They were unexpected.
A total of 321 passengers will be returned to Southampton or elsewhere by flight and transfer.
The singer visited hospital "as a precautionary measure", a spokesman confirmed to BBC News.
Recent months have seen some of the worst ever scenes of settler violence in the occupied West Bank.
His trial for alleged election interference is set for 4 March, 2024 - a day ahead of Super Tuesday.
The home secretary says she wants to see a radical change in the way police tackle lower-level crimes.
Kent joins Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Essex, and Thurrock councils in rejecting permission.
After wildfires forced residents to leave, bears have been seen in the empty streets.
Strictly Come Dancing's Amy Dowden suffers potentially fatal infection during cancer treatment.
Thousands of passengers were stranded after a UK air space technical issue led to flight delays and cancellations.
Why Jedward were there, how Soft Play hooked up with Robbie, and what GCSE results one star revealed.
Technical glitches may cause disruption at airports but passengers do have rights.
Patricia Quinn lent her lips to The Rocky Horror Show 50 years ago as the original Magenta.
Simone Biles breaks a 90-year record by winning her eighth all-around title at the US Gymnastics Championships, less than a month after returning to competition.
The Bank of Mum and Dad has grown and is set to help more than 300,000 home purchases this year.
It comes as judge Lord Brailsford sets out how the Scottish inquiry into the pandemic response will progress.
Alexandra Paul's baby, who was also in the car, survived the crash in Ontario's Melancthon Township.
Firefighters have raised concerns about overcrowding and fire exit access on the Bibby Stockholm.
The totem pole has been in Scotland for almost a century since it was sold to the museum in 1929.
Libya's foreign minister is suspended amid outrage over direct talks with historical foe Israel.
Hallstatt, in the Alps, has a population of 700 but can get up to 10,000 visitors a day.
British qualifier Lily Miyazaki says her US Open winnings can help change her career after she beat Margarita Betova on her main-draw debut in New York.
Match of the Day 2's Alex Scott is joined by Alan Shearer and Micah Richards to discuss the new time wasting rules which have already led to two red cards in the Premier League.
Bobbi Gibb was denied by a letter and obscured by an image, but has beaten both to be recognised for what she is.
Iga Swiatek begins her defence of the US Open title with an emphatic as eighth seed Maria Sakkari loses in the first round.
Watch the weekend's funniest moments as Burnley's mascots dress to impress, James Maddison makes some new friends and Roy Hodgson has zipper problems.
Fourth seed Holger Rune suffers a shock defeat in the US Open first round as former champion Dominic Thiem claims an emotional win.
Sgt Graham Saville, 46, was attempting to help a distressed man on the tracks before he was struck.
An unconfirmed Russian media report says four transport planes have been damaged at Pskov airport.
Passengers are warned to expect knock-on disruption in the days ahead after the Bank Holiday Monday issue.
The mercenary group boss, who led June's aborted armed rebellion, was killed in a plane crash last week.
World champion Magnus Carlsen's accusations against Hans Niemann left the world of chess in turmoil.
Network Rail has withheld bonuses from union members who took part in strike action during a pay dispute.
Interpol says "someone, somewhere knows something" about the boy, whose body was found in Germany.
Three women raped by the same man say they want to reform the way victims of sex offences are treated in courts.
Footage shows camping equipment left behind at Bramham Park.
Mohammed Isaq promised to put passengers' cars in a secure compound, but left them in a field instead.
The new cone which appeared after the closure of Banksy's popular exhibit has left people speculating.
Thousands of passengers are unable to return home in the aftermath of the air traffic control fault.
Technical glitches have caused disruption at airports but passengers do have rights.
Russia editor Steve Rosenberg is at the cemetery in St Petersburg where it is believed Prigozhin is buried.
Politicians want to gain credibility by playing pop songs - but musicians don't want to lose theirs.
The row over Luis Rubiales kissing Jenni Hermoso has struck a chord with women around the world.
Medical student Megan McGillin was diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver 11 years ago.
Campaigners slam a report as the BBC reveals drafts were edited to remove leadership criticism.
With feathers, dancing and steel band music, the London streets came alive with Caribbean culture.
A takahe pair were released near Wellington in a victory for efforts to save some of the world's rarest birds.
The cause of 10-year-old Sara Sharif's death was "not yet ascertained", an inquest hears.
The mural was unveiled in 2019 in a tribute to the journalist who was shot during a Londonderry riot.
The government says removing EU-era pollution restrictions on developments could "unblock" 100,000 new homes.
He is charged with "aggravated homosexuality" under tough new anti-LGBTQ legislation enacted in May.
The parasite - usually found in pythons - could have been there for two months, scientists say.
The tech giant's artificial intelligence firm DeepMind unveils measures to counter disinformation.
A charity warns the number of new purpose-built rooms is tumbling, despite student numbers growing.
The GMB union says the retailer and its 12,500 workforce 'are not out of the woods yet'.
HBO confirms that Euphoria creator Sam Levinson's show with Lily-Rose Depp and The Weeknd is cancelled.
Richarlison scores but cannot prevent Tottenham going out of the EFL Cup as Fulham win a penalty shootout to progress to round three.
League Two Salford stun Championship side Leeds with an epic penalty shootout victory in the Carabao Cup.
Andy Murray is one of five British players to win their first-round matches on day two of the US Open in New York.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland wins the PFA Player of the Year award, while Arsenal forward Bukayo Saka is named Young Player of the Year.
England's Ella Toone says Luis Rubiales ''should do the right thing'' and resign after he kissed Spanish player Jenni Hermoso on the lips after the World Cup final.
Aston Villa striker Rachel Daly wins the PFA women's Player of the Year award, while Chelsea star Lauren James is named Young Player of the Year.
The Spanish Football Federation is exploring its options over whether it can sack Women's World Cup-winning head coach Jorge Vilda.
The inquiry is being upgraded to statutory by the health secretary after criticism from her victims' families.
More than 440,000 people are still without power as Idalia, now a tropical storm, moves into Georgia.
Ukraine claims to have liberated the village of Robotyne, which could lead to a push towards Crimea.
The law in England and Wales is changing so chief constables can remove rogue officers.
The unusual lunar phenomenon can be observed around the world on Wednesday and Thursday.
The charity says its frustration at environment plans "led us to attack the people not the policy".
The woman, who was wearing only jeans and a T-shirt, was stuck for two and a half hours.
Health experts say a ban on nitrous oxide may stop users seeking medical help.
Vaccines for the most vulnerable will start being given in September instead of October in England.
The mother of Spanish football federation president Luis Rubiales is hospitalised after going on hunger strike in protest at the treatment of her son, a local priest says.
President Bongo urges people to "raise your voice" in a video after the army said it had seized power.
The 81-year-old Senate minority leader had another verbal lapse in July.
Rangers' dreams of an immediate return to the Champions League group stage are extinguished in excruciating fashion by a ruthless PSV in Eindhoven.
Fresh legislation will see custody officers allowed to use reasonable force.
Hurricane Idalia hits Florida before crossing into Georgia, with flooding the biggest concern.
The BBC’s Quentin Sommerville witnesses Russia's increasingly sophisticated drone attacks.
Streaming hits such as the Queen's Gambit are being adapted as games as the streamer looks to expand.
BBC team spends 24 hours with Tunisia's coast guard, as it finds people desperate to cross continents.
Azerbaijan's nine-month blockade of disputed territory Nagorno-Karabakh takes its toll on residents.
Pragyaan has had an eventful week - dodging craters, taking the Moon's temperature and checking for sulphur.
Performers, teachers and teenage poets dig into the famed writer’s legacy 10 years on from his death.
A sea turtle found close to death in Wales flies home to the USA for a "second chance at life".
Up to 100 trolleys, a fridge and traffic cones were also fished out by mud-covered volunteers.
Isabella Tucker's mother pays tribute to a "beautiful" two-year-old daughter and little sister.
Claims of historical physical and sexual abuse were made against 20 teaching staff at the school.
The footage shows the moment a brick was hurled at the Premier League team's bus as it left Burnley.
Passengers are having to fork out for food, travel and accommodation, but are worried about costs.
Rishi Sunak says greater police powers to seize and destroy such weapons will make officers' jobs easier.
Birmingham Children's Hospital carried out a review after the arrest of a nurse accused of poisoning.
In a new Netflix series, the duke links struggles after military service to the loss of his mother.
The women say they were "battered and bruised" by the legal process that led to a serial rapist being jailed.
The British executive must rebuild the US news network after a series of crises and falling ratings.
A body is recovered from a submerged car which went through a barrier and into the water.
Moscow says military planes were damaged in strikes on an airport and vows Ukraine will "not go unpunished".
The fast food giant is accused of making the burger appear larger on menus than it actually is.
Danish toy giant sees fall in profit but remains largest toymaker in the world by market share.
England comprehensively thrash beat New Zealand by seven wickets with a professional performance in the first T20 at Chester-le-Street.
League One side Lincoln City knock Sheffield United out of the EFL Cup by winning 3-2 on penalties in the second round at Bramall Lane.
Treble winners Manchester City will travel to Newcastle United in the third round of the Carabao Cup.
Andy Murray believes he is playing his best tennis since hip surgery as he prepares to face old rival Grigor Dimitrov in the US Open second round.
England captain Jos Buttler makes "one of the all-time terrible reviews" after appealing for an lbw decision against New Zealand in the first T20 at Chester-le-Street.
England thrash New Zealand by seven wickets with a professional performance in the first T20 of their four-match series at Chester-le-Street.
Chelsea come from behind to beat AFC Wimbledon in the second round of the Carabao Cup.
School leaders describe a "scramble" to address the issue, which affects more than 100 schools in England.
Autumn walkouts in England will involve both groups, but emergency cover will be provided.
Interpol's request to start a search was not made until 15 August - five days after Sara was found dead.
Inspectors find the high-security HMP Woodhill is "fundamentally unsafe" amid staff shortages.
Seventy four people died in the blaze, including 12 children - one of whom was an 18-month-old child.
England head coach Sarina Wiegman dedicates the Uefa women's coach of the year award to Spain's national team.
The Nobel Foundation says it advocates dialogue but a critic suggests it is being "incredibly naive".
The former US president also waived the right to appear at a court hearing next week.
A number of transport planes are said to have been damaged or destroyed in the attack.
The video appears to have been filmed shortly before the Wagner chief died in a plane crash.
Javad Rouhi's death sentence was overturned, but he died in jail while his case was being reviewed.
Joe Biggs' sentence is one of the longest so far handed out to participants in the 6 January riot.
Doug Putman wants to keep up to 300 of the current 400 Wilko shops open if he succeeds in buying the chain.
Friday's papers focus on the English school buildings that must close over fears of collapse.
Schools in England have been told to shut buildings made with a type of concrete, unless safety measures are in place.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
One survivor tells of his escape, another says she was powerless with her children trapped inside.
The BBC's Will Vernon finds resignation, patriotism and nervousness on the streets of Moscow.
Why Rishi Sunak promoted Grant Shapps and Claire Coutinho - and avoided a wider reshuffle for now.
The beloved discount retailer was founded in 1930 but is now cutting jobs after falling into administration.
Many blocks in inner-city Johannesburg, the scene of a deadly fire, are deemed unfit to live in.
Members of the RMT rail workers' union and Aslef train drivers' union are set to strike again.
The BBC follows health experts treating patients with dangerous cancer that has spread to the spine.
The world's second largest economy faces deep-rooted challenges in the years ahead.
BBC reporter Vanessa Clarke explains a bit more about schools affected by closures over safety fears.
The ex-Top Gear presenter would like to see Andrew Flintoff return once he's recovered from injury.
Players in the Warriors Premier League must have a waist of at least 38in or a BMI of over 30.
Five refugee women share personal photographs revealing lives before war and conflict.
A UK study links two proteins in the blood of hospital patients to thinking and memory problems.
The pizzeria owner used a $660,000 Covid-era loan to buy a farm, cars, and radio airtime.
Minister says Icelanders' values have changed, but allows whaling to resume with restrictions.
Sgt Graham Saville's widow says his desire to help others led to him making the "ultimate sacrifice".
Rishi Sunak promotes veteran Grant Shapps and newcomer Claire Coutinho in a limited shake-up of his ministerial team.
More than 160 students need to find alternative housing in Huddersfield.
The family of Samuel Newey say he died fighting alongside Ukrainian forces on Wednesday.
Messages seen by the BBC appear to show how the influencer's "War Room" targeted possible victims.
HMP Armley guard Ashley Podsiad-Sharp is described by a judge as an "extremely dangerous" man.
Looking like a pearl necklace, the object known as SN1987A is the closest star explosion to Earth.
The book on Boris Johnson’s downfall claims to reveal "corruption" and "secrecy" in Downing Street.
Spanish goalkeeper Catalina Coll tells the BBC she is "saddneded" that the scandal over the Spanish FA president kissing her team-mate has overshadowed their win.
Emily Morris says it's "hard to see" Letby's "weird" behaviour around her son caught on camera.
Antoinette Sandbach, a descendent of a slave owner, argues she has a right to privacy.
Alice Capsey hits a blistering half-century as England beat Sri Lanka by 12 runs in a rain-affected T20 series opener at Hove.
Andy Murray's hopes of achieving a long-awaited deep run at a Grand Slam are ended by Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov in the US Open second round.
Newcastle United will play Paris St-Germain, Borussia Dortmund and AC Milan in the group stage of the 2023-24 Champions League.
Aberdeen must settle for the Europa Conference League group stage this season after a gut-wrenching defeat by Swedish champions BK Hacken in the Europa League play-offs.
Watch England's impressive batting display as Danni Wyatt hits a boundary-laden 48 from 30 balls and Alice Capsey hits a blistering half-century to secure a 12-run victory over Sri Lanka.
Aston Villa reach the Europa Conference League group stage with a comfortable win over Hibernian.
Hearts' hopes of reaching the Europa Conference League group stage for the second season in a row are brutally extinguished by a rampant PAOK in a one-sided play-off second leg.
Technical glitches have caused disruption at airports but passengers do have rights.
The high-profile Egyptian businessman lost his son Dodi in the car crash that killed Princess Diana.
Concrete safety fears have thrown the new term into turmoil at more than 100 schools in England.
The government is not publishing a list of which schools are affected, but this is what we know.
Russia's military bloggers are reaping the rewards of a growing advertising market on Telegram.
Manchester United forward Mason Greenwood joins Spanish top-flight side Getafe on a season-long loan.
Ethan Nordean was sentenced to 18 years in prison while Dominic Pezzola was given 10 years behind bars.
Ta'Kiya Young, 21, appears to advance the car towards an Ohio officer before a single shot is fired.
Aditya-L1 comes just days after India made history by becoming the first to land near the Moon's south pole.
It comes after Simon Byrne refused to resign after an emergency meeting of the Policing Board.
Gabon's main opposition accuses the military of showing no sign they plan to hand power back to civilian rule.
Spanish football federation president Luis Rubiales has said he will continue defending himself "to prove the truth".
The highest level of storm alert is in effect in Hong Kong, with people being warned to stay indoors.
The weekend's papers focus on faulty concrete in schools and the death of Mohamed Al-Fayed, aged 94.
How a rising social media influencer and her mother became killers.
Does the Duke of York's appearance with the Royal Family mark an attempt to rehabilitate him?
Voters chose Tharman Shanmugaratnam for a ceremonial role but many felt it was a waste of potential.
France's post-colonial days are long gone and yet its influence in Francophone Africa is in tatters.
How young polar researchers in the UK are tackling the taboo subject of menstruation.
Three customers were charged more than £100 each for unknowingly using a call connection service.
The BBC has spoken to over two dozen Kashmiri journalists who are wary of the government's actions.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The charts are full of remixed 90s bops but are we at a turning point for more original hits?
Ukrainians defy Russian air strikes and occupation to start the new school term.
By tailoring cosmetics to the individual some firms are hoping to cut waste in the cosmetics industry.
The ban comes after a vote in the French capital - but is it democracy in action?
This video takes you through the key CCTV footage shown in the trial of TikTok influencer Mahek Bukhari.
Following Johannesburg's deadly fire, families have been trying to identify loved ones.
Social media influencer Mahek Bukhari and mum Ansreen are jailed for at least 31 and 26 years.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Some viewers were critical of themed shows based around Mexico, Japan and Germany in recent years.
The Finnish city of Oulu is a hive of activity for bike thieves - but one man is determined to stop them.
A man is accused of complicity in the murder of thousands of Sachsenhausen concentration camp inmates.
Revised official figures reveal that the UK grew at the end of 2021 rather than shrinking.
Tami Manis, who sports a mullet that is 5ft 8in, says her hair was inspired by a 1980s music video.
A world champion stone skimmer has had a crucial digit dislocated by the family dog.
The White House hopeful says "you have to know when to leave" when asked about a Senate leader's lapses.
The Algerian coastguard reportedly shot at four French-Moroccan tourists who strayed into Algerian waters.
The Utah vlogger's malnourished son escaped to her neighbour's home to seek help, police say.
Gary Lightbody says the band will continue as a trio after Jonny Quinn and Paul Wilson depart.
Dogs Trust says 23-year-old Ty is a rare but rewarding case of successful older dog adoption.
Wallace Hunter was trapped while guests and emergency services spent 90 minutes trying to break open the door.
Tottenham sign forward Brennan Johnson from Nottingham Forest for a fee in excess of £45m.
England take a 2-0 lead in the T20 series with a 95-run thrashing of New Zealand at Old Trafford.
Liverpool sign midfielder Ryan Gravenberch from Bayern Munich in a deal worth in the region of £34.3m (40m euros).
West Ham remain unbeaten and go top of the Premier League as Jarrod Bowen grabs his third goal of the season in a win over Luton at Kenilworth Road.
Watch the best moments from Harry Brook & Jonny Bairstow as their impressive batting display helps England thrash New Zealand by 95 runs to go two up in the four-match T20 series.
Al-Ittihad are prepared to bid £200m for Liverpool's Mohamed Salah, Lazio decide against signing Mason Greenwood before he joins Getafe, plus more.
Check out all the significant signings and departures on transfer deadline day in the Premier League, EFL and Scottish Premiership.
Questions mount about aerated concrete used in schools and public buildings since the 1950s.
Specialists say RAAC concrete was widely used in public buildings in the UK.
Will more schools need to close? Why is this happening? Our experts on what you need to know.
Parents and children speak of "heartbreak" at hearing their school buildings are closing.
BBC Home Affairs Correspondent Tom Symonds explains why RAAC is more dangerous than standard concrete.
A total of 35 council-run schools have been found to contain RAAC, the Scottish government confirms.
An architect explains the issues around RAAC which has caused closures of schools.
Weaker concrete is probably in schools and other buildings in Wales, says leading civil engineer.
It is not yet known how long it will take to check for collapse-prone concrete in NI schools.
Members of the RMT rail workers' union and Aslef train drivers' union are set to strike again.
Russian diplomacy is no longer about co-operation but "putting Westerners in their place", say ex-Kremlin insiders.
Many are altering timetables and seeking new classrooms after having to shut unsafe concrete buildings.
Ihor Kolomoisky is accused of fraud and is the latest target of Ukraine's anti-corruption drive.
The PM steadied the Tory ship, but the coming months will see if he keeps it afloat, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Green shafts of light from a meteor were caught on camera as it passed over the city of Erzurum.
Two men in their 20s have been arrested under the Terrorism Act in connection with the accidental leak.
Festival-goers are told to conserve their food as access in and out of the Nevada event is shut down.
Stephen Kinnock MP welcomed funding talks but said any plan needed the support of workers.
The King attended Braemar in honour of his late mother, wearing a kilt in the new King Charles III tartan.
The former US envoy to the UN won praise for his work freeing detained Americans around the world.
Getafe manager Jose Bordalas says the Spanish club are going to help England forward Mason Greenwood "recover his best level" after his season-long loan move from Manchester United.
Britain's Jack Draper reaches the last 16 of a Grand Slam for the first time at the US Open but Dan Evans loses a thriller to Carlos Alcaraz.
A mix of different leads make up the front of Sunday's papers.
Burger King is facing a US lawsuit over images of its Whoppers, but advertisers are allowed to exaggerate.
Scientists have backed Japan's treated waste water release, but Beijing's protest remains loud.
Clubbers hold street party protesting against plan to flatten 20 venues in path of ring road extension
The tech giant celebrates its 25th birthday this month, but faces new threats to its dominance.
A recent health scare for Mitch McConnell has raised concerns about the age of America's politicians.
In 1930 the billionaire picked a limestone home in Chedworth as his souvenir of England.
Criminal gangs 'hijack' buildings in South Africa, and then they burn down. And no-one seems able to stop them.
The lunchbox is back after the summer holidays so here are some top tips on making savings at lunchtime.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
An icebreaker is sent from Tasmania to evacuate an Australian with a "developing medical condition".
The U-turn comes after strong criticism against it in Sweden as well as by Ukraine.
Tracy Devonshire was saved after her dog growled at Trefor Jones, a court hears.
The comedian says his new attitude is that "life's too short" after undergoing cancer treatment.
The money will be used to create a foundation for low-income black writers.
Two people are held on suspicion of murder after a 49-year-old man's remains were found near the sea.
Now five years in recovery, the 50-year-old hopes his story helps others struggling with alcohol.
The oldest coin in the small collection is made of silver and nearly 2,000 years old.
The Margaritaville musician is also remembered as a successful author and entrepreneur.
Aditya-L1 will carry out scientific studies of the Sun from a vantage point 1.5 million km above Earth.
Anyone carrying out cosmetic injections must be trained to do so under strict new proposals.
Ameed al-Jaghoub was unarmed and apparently going to help a wounded man when he was hit.
Labour criticised the Home Secretary for commissioning a report "into her own political obsession".
Three customers were charged more than £100 for unknowingly using a call connection service.
The sky seems to be the limit for Brighton striker Evan Ferguson after the teenager's hat-trick saw him join a very select Premier League club.
Chris Eubank Jr beats Liam Smith by TKO in round 10 of their middleweight rematch with a dominant display that includes two knockdowns.
Marco Silva condemns match officials for allowing Man City's second goal in Fulham's 5-1 loss at Eithad Stadium as Erling Haaland admits he would also have been "fuming".
Chamari Athapaththu stars as Sri Lanka record their first victory over England in T20 internationals.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker, Ian Wright and Jermaine Jenas look at Manchester City's controversial second goal against Fulham and Erling Haaland's hat-trick.
Son Heung-min scored his fifth Tottenham hat-trick at Burnley on Saturday, but there was much more to the Spurs skipper's performance than just his goals.
The government is not publishing a list of which schools are affected, but this is what we know.
Questions mount about aerated concrete used in schools and public buildings since the 1950s.
Concrete safety fears have thrown the new term into turmoil at more than 100 schools in England.
Kyiv says its troops are gaining momentum in what continues to be a lengthy and bloody counter-offensive.
Parents should get their children back to school this week, the children's commissioner urges.
There is much speculation over what role Sir Keir may give his deputy leader Angela Rayner.
One death came after family courts ordered a child to live with a paedophile, a BBC investigation finds.
One station, managed by TransPennine Express, has had 13% of its trains cancelled.
Atletico Madrid and Seville's football match was called off as a red alert was issued in the capital.
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky dismissed Oleksii Reznikov, saying "new approaches" were needed.
The child survived a 100ft (30m) fall in 2019 but suffered life-changing injuries.
Labour calls the chancellor's funding promise a "bare bones" response to the crumbly concrete crisis.
A national inquiry rejects US claims a Russian cargo ship was uploaded with South African weapons.
Paul McCartney changed music history playing iconic Höfner guitar - but it hasn't been seen since 1969.
Prisoners are reportedly protesting conditions at the facility amid hot conditions.
Coco Gauff shows why she is one the favourites at the US Open with a gutsy win over Caroline Wozniacki to reach the quarter-finals.
The issue of crumbling concrete is on the front of some of Monday's papers.
The tragedy has unleashed a wave of anger from primary school teachers across the country.
The TV star on being sectioned, getting into comedy and balancing her finances.
In the Netherlands, experiments are underway to ensure future food supply and cut carbon emissions.
The removal of a fuel subsidy has pushed the cost of transport out of the reach of many Nigerians.
Clubbers hold street party protesting against plan to flatten 20 venues in path of ring road extension
Why did a fault that was fixed promptly delay so many flights?
The 81-year-old Republican appeared to freeze for the second time in just over a month while speaking to reporters.
Thousands of people remain stuck at the event in Nevada and could remain so for several more days.
The prime minister and his wife Akshata Murthy joined the Royal Family at their Balmoral estate.
A man in his 60s is arrested after allegedly racially abusing a Wolves player at Crystal Palace's Selhurst Park during Sunday's Premier League game.
The former editor of the Daily Mirror denies ever hacking phones or telling anyone to do so while he was at the newspaper.
A man is being questioned after three people were hurt, two fatally, in separate collisions.
Mo Farah's final race in his home city of London ends with a fourth-placed finish in The Big Half, as Jack Rowe wins.
The distressed animal was put down after a rescue attempt was unsuccessful.
It follows similar moves by other retailers and daily incidents rising from 450 a day, up to 850.
Big players deliver the big moments to decide the big games and Arsenal's Declan Rice did that on every level against Manchester United, writes Phil McNulty.
England are outplayed by a resurgent New Zealand who clinch the third T20 international by 74 runs at Edgbaston.
Match of the Day 2's Mark Chapman, Jermaine Jenas and Stephen Warnock discuss how Liverpool's Trent Alexander-Arnold delivered a "passing masterclass".
Jadon Sancho says he is "a scapegoat" after Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag said he was dropped for Sunday's loss to Arsenal because of poor training performance.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Liverpool could be bracing themselves for more bids for Mohamed Salah this week but Jurgen Klopp is "calm despite the fuss" about the forward's future.
The government is not publishing a list of which schools are affected, but this is what we know.
The BBC's Analysis Editor takes a look at four questions the government is being asked about potentially dangerous concrete in schools in England.
Andy Perry says he is still waiting for government advice on how much of his school is unsafe.
The minister apologises but says she was "frustrated" by a reporter's questions on the concrete crisis.
North Korea's leader will discuss supplying weapons for Russia to use in Ukraine, US media report.
Labour's deputy leader gets the key levelling up brief in the party's top team, replacing Lisa Nandy.
The health alert is in force across most of England until Sunday, with temperatures peaking midweek.
The tests come after Harrow Crown Court in north London was shut because dangerous concrete was found.
Spain's men's players condemn the "unacceptable behaviour" of national federation president Luis Rubiales.
But the Romanian foreign ministry rejects Kyiv's version of events, saying it didn't happen.
Brazil withdraw Manchester United winger Antony from their squad following allegations of abuse by his former girlfriend.
The two providers have offered different accounts of what happened to their networks.
Young people are much less convinced about supporting the monarchy, suggests a survey.
Matthew Hedges' ordeal sparks a review into internal guidance on torture and mistreatment cases.
Gillian Keegan's "four-letter rant" is featured on the front of most of Tuesday's papers.
Seventeen-year-old Leia is one of a growing number of teenage vapers - but she’s trying hard to quit.
Tens of thousands of school teachers went on strike on Monday demanding better protection at work.
How Sir Keir Starmer's deputy overcame a difficult start in life to climb the ladder at Westminster.
The man due to take over from Oleksii Reznikov is a leading member of the Crimean Tatar community.
Revellers describe dreadful conditions and disappointment but also resilience and generosity.
Three dogs participated in a performance of the Hunting Symphony, a piece by Mozart's father Leopold.
Ministers will try to make it easier for people to get second medical opinion after teenager's death.
Jayne Etherington said her daughter Caitlin fell ill after swimming in the sea off the Welsh coast.
The former cabinet minister says he regrets using inappropriate language in texts sent to Wendy Morton.
A 42-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault after an alleged incident during Arsenal's 3-1 win over Manchester United on Sunday
A European Union law will require portable devices to have a common charger by 2024.
The US band's singer had been receiving end of life care for liver failure, his manager said.
The invasive insect threatens to get a foothold, with nests found in East Sussex, Kent, Devon and Dorset.
Lady Justice Thirlwall will lead a probe into how the neonatal nurse was able to murder seven babies.
Mr Scholz shared a photo of himself wearing an eye-patch on X, saying it "looks worse than it is".
He is stepping down after a number of high-profile controversies, including a major data leak.
It is hoped the Vikram lander and Pragyaan rover will reawaken when the next lunar day starts.
Israel's foreign ministry says six citizens were arrested on suspicion of raping a British tourist.
Connor Gibson assaulted and strangled 16-year-old Amber Gibson then tried to cover up the crime.
Consumers should have accurate information upfront before making a purchase, the government says.
The former rugby star and dementia sufferer was kicked in the head during the gruelling event
The loan agreement which brought Tian Tian and Yang Guang to Edinburgh Zoo is finally ending.
The inaccessibility of Canterbury Cathedral roof could make it the good place to find space matter.
Zara, 13, incubated the quail eggs for nearly three weeks in her pet tortoise's tank.
Britain's Jack Draper believes he can be "one of the best players in the world" after an encouraging US Open run is ended by Andrey Rublev.
Jack Grealish and Trent Alexander-Arnold withdraw from the England squad for upcoming games against Ukraine and Scotland because of injury.
Lock Bastien Chalureau denies accusations he is a racist after being called up as injury cover in France's World Cup squad.
Tottenham duo Tanguy Ndombele and Davinson Sanchez both leave the Premier League club to join Turkish champions Galatasaray.
Third seed Jessica Pegula and Wimbledon finalist Ons Jabeur suffer frustrating defeats in the fourth round at the US Open.
Match of the Day 2's Jermaine Jenas and Stephen Warnock discuss Manchester United's set-piece problem that led to Declan Rice's late goal.
Defending champion Carlos Alcaraz cruises into the US Open quarter-finals with a straight-set win over Matteo Arnaldi.
The government is not publishing a list of which schools are affected, but this is what we know.
Capital spending on education has been squeezed since 2010 as money has been redirected to healthcare.
The government says new evidence led it to close down parts of schools that have a potentially dangerous type of concrete.
Minister says schools in Wales are safe as officials close two schools because of problem concrete.
The BBC's Analysis Editor takes a look at four questions the government is being asked about potentially dangerous concrete in schools in England.
An architect explains the issues around RAAC which has caused closures of schools.
An emotional Enrique Tarrio, 39, tells the court he is "ashamed" of his role in the US Capitol riot.
It will become illegal to be a member of or support the Russian mercenary group.
The schools were among those that lost out when Building Schools for the Future was cancelled.
One person has died in Greece after torrential rain triggered flash flooding in parts of the country.
John Cotton says "tough decisions" are needed as Birmingham City Council cannot balance its books.
Ant and Dec also win best presenter for the 22nd year running but there was no prize for This Morning.
Temperatures could hit as high as 32C by midweek, with the England alert in force until Sunday.
The grandfather of Sara Sharif tells the BBC he spoke to his son when he arrived in Pakistan.
David Harewood visits a stately home built using the profits of plantations where his ancestors were enslaved.
A major incident was declared after a 52-seater bus and a car collided on a Welsh bridge.
Jorge Vilda, Spain's Women's World Cup-winning head coach, has been sacked amid the ongoing Luis Rubiales kiss row.
Administrators say more than 1,300 staff will be made redundant as hopes of a wider rescue deal fade.
Around six billion tonnes of sand is dredged from the world's oceans every year, a new report says.
Many of Wednesday's papers report on new plans for sickness and disability benefit claimants.
The hit crime drama returns for a final series, with one reviewer saying it "will be sorely missed".
Famous faces of the small screen hit the red carpet in the London sunshine ahead of the ceremony.
Mothers are breaking the law because they fear court-ordered contact with fathers is unsafe for their kids.
Birmingham City Council's budget crisis puts pressure on the government over council finances.
An arms deal between North Korea and Russia could suit both sides, and allow them to work more closely.
With temperatures rising, how can you stop your home from retaining too much heat?
Sophia Rundle and Mia Sugimoto tell BBC Newsbeat how they want to create a "safe space" for girls.
A selection of the winning images from the 2023 Bird Photographer of the Year award.
Global studies show some minority communities are less likely to use sun protection - but why?
People with albinism are tackling prejudice, while the diaspora is helping to make their lives easier.
Pakistani Gulzar Khan and his wife want to stay together after he married her illegally in India.
Concerns have been raised about the environmental impact of the plastic tubes, which are often thrown on the ground after use.
Nitrous oxide will become a class C drug in the UK and carry up to two years in jail for possession.
Opposition MPs and campaigners share "horror" at potential sewage spills on dry days uncovered by BBC News.
Part of the wall running through China's Shanxi province was dug open, causing severe damage.
She is experiencing mild symptoms, the White House says, while President Joe Biden tested negative.
A video shared on social media appears to show a damaged British-made Challenger 2 tank.
The UK-based firm is courting investors as its listing in the US looks to be the biggest of the year.
Radio London's Anna O'Neill was speaking on air as two men targeted a businessman on Oxford Street.
The Francois' langur's arrival is said to be "internationally important" for conservation.
It is one of only 15 copies of the special edition which were given to competition winners in 2012.
Police warn festive decorations are being left in gardens to target houses for potential burglary.
Dozens of girls are sent home after turning up at school wearing the now-banned abaya robe.
They say the sterilisation device left them in pain - but the manufacturer defends its safety.
In a highly personal interview, Olena Zelenska says she needs "my husband, not a historical figure".
Born to a working class family, Ms Purdew launched one of the UK's most successful spa chains.
Three major companies released sewage on dry days in breach of their permits - BBC investigation.
A poll is called for October as the former culture secretary steps down weeks after saying she would.
Ma$e, Faith Evans and the estate of the Notorious B.I.G. all regain control of their music.
B&M has struck a deal to take on dozens of Wilko's 400 shops after it collapsed into administration.
Drone footage shows people leaving the festival after heavy rain caused a mud bath.
After months of rumours, ITV says familiar faces from the show will head back to find love again.
Novak Djokovic reaches a record 47th men's Grand Slam semi-final with a straight-set win over Taylor Fritz at the US Open.
England are convincingly beaten by six wickets by New Zealand in the fourth T20 at Trent Bridge as the Black Caps fight back to draw the series 2-2.
American teenager Coco Gauff storms into the US Open semi-finals for the first time with a dominant win over Latvia's Jelena Ostapenko.
American student athletes, who previously only received compensation from universities in the form of scholarships, can now earn money for endorsement deals. It is changing campus bank balances and the shape of stateside sport.
Referees' chief Howard Webb says Manchester City's second goal against Fulham was offside, on the first episode of Match Officials: Mic'd Up.
Watch New Zealand's "monster" sixes as they beat England by six wickets at Trent Bridge to draw the four-match T20 series.
Flanker Tom Curry is ready to play for England in their World Cup opener against Argentina after returning from an ankle injury.
Questions are being raised about the timing of big decisions on funding for school buildings.
The government is not publishing a list of which schools are affected, but this is what we know.
Questions have been raised about the safety of some school buildings after 35 were found to contain RAAC.
Deep within certain and very particular corners of government, RAAC has been a talking point for years.
Capital spending on education has been squeezed since 2010 as money has been redirected to healthcare.
The research helps understanding of the earliest moments of life and the reasons behind infertility.
A nationwide manhunt is under way for Daniel Abed Khalife, who was awaiting trial on terror charges.
President Zelensky condemns the "deliberate" strike on Ukraine's "peaceful city" of Kostyantynivka.
Urfan Sharif and his partner describe Sara's death as an "incident" and claim they will co-operate with UK authorities.
A judge has ruled that Donald Trump is liable for defaming the writer who accused him of rape.
Thousands of personal items belonging to the late Queen frontman are sold at a Sotheby's auction.
The band revealed their first album of new material in almost two decades in a YouTube livestream.
The UK experiences its hottest September day since 2016 as London's Kew Gardens sees 32C (89F).
England's Jude Bellingham, Bukayo Saka and Harry Kane and seven Manchester City players are on the shortlist for the 2023 Ballon d'Or.
Tens of thousands of UK buildings should be safety checked because of RAAC concrete, experts warn.
An announcement is likely soon on the UK becoming a fully-fledged member of the multi-billion euro programme.
Reza Baluchi tried to "run" from Florida to London in a homemade vessel during hurricane season.
The government states that the tech tools for accessing private messages don't yet exist.
Many of Thursday's papers report on new a prisoner escaping from HMP Wandsworth in London.
Delhi is pulling out all the stops to dazzle world leaders as they prepare to gather this weekend.
Ahmed is a charismatic 11-year-old Yemeni boy the BBC met two years ago when he was teaching a class in a bombed-out classroom.
Palestinian officials push for more control of land in the occupied West Bank ahead of historic talks.
Alec Steele has a terminal illness but he is determined to carry on playing cricket.
As the city council announces it cannot commit to any new spending what will it mean for residents?
Its soldiers are scattered between Belarus and Africa, while others have joined the Russian army.
Members of the group, including its ex-leader, have been handed long prison terms over the Capitol riot.
Tiba al-Ali's death has sparked the call for change for violence against women in Iraq.
BBC Weather's Matt Taylor tells us what to expect for the rest of the week.
A 12-year-old girl says anxiety caused her to miss out on most of the last academic year at school.
Experts express concerns for First Nations people as a referendum debate turns increasingly divisive.
In 18 months of war, Ukraine has learnt new ways to integrate technology into the modern battlefield.
Todd Howard tells the BBC his team wondered if they 'were in over our heads' when creating the game.
Residents say that with Lake Baringo getting bigger they are at greater risk of attack.
Staff being made redundant were told of the news this morning, with shops closing next week.
Hospital worker Fred Leparan attempted to sell a baby boy to an undercover BBC reporter.
Jenni Hermoso has filed a legal complaint over the kiss by Spanish football federation president Luis Rubiales after the Women's World Cup final.
King Charles will be on a charm offensive on this month's rearranged state visit to France.
Bankrupt Birmingham City Council should not have hosted the Commonwealth Games, it is claimed.
Margaret Betts was headhunted for her role when she was only 19 years old.
A bankruptcy petition against former footballer John Barnes has been lodged by tax officials.
The singer-songwriter's former bandmate Pete Wishart described him as an exceptional musician.
The show about a jade teapot that busts out of the museum fuels calls for treasures to be returned.
A mural dedicated to the Big Yin will be covered up if plans for student housing go ahead.
The UK's air traffic control system shut itself down after software confusion over an unusual flight path.
Daniil Medvedev says "one player is going to die" because of the hot conditions on court as he beats Andrey Rublev in the US Open quarter-finals.
England lost the T20 series 2-1, their first ever defeat by Sri Lanka in any format.
England quartet Mille Bright, Rachel Daly, Mary Earps and Georgia Stanway are among the nominees for the women's Ballon d'Or, awarded to the best female footballer in 2023.
Brendan Rodgers defends Jordan Henderson amid criticism from "morality officers" over the midfielder's move to Saudi Arabia.
Sri Lanka captain Chamari Athapaththu inspires a historic T20 series win over England with three wickets and 44 runs in the third T20 at Derby.
England add Harry Brook to their 50-over squad to play New Zealand, giving the batter further chance to press his claim before the World Cup.
A school which has already dealt with crumbling concrete tells how it was forced to close overnight.
The government publishes an official list of schools in England with crumbling concrete.
Ros Atkins takes a look at the government's response to unsafe concrete over their 13 years in power.
Scalby School in Scarborough has not reopened after the summer holidays due to the concrete crisis.
Seventeen schools which have had crumbly concrete confirmed had building work cancelled in 2010.
Questions are being raised about the timing of big decisions on funding for school buildings.
Questions have been raised about the safety of some school buildings after 35 were found to contain RAAC.
Officer leading search says Daniel Khalife is "very resourceful" as he continues to evade police.
The King recalls his mother's "devoted service" on the first anniversary of her death.
A year after taking the throne, the BBC's Sean Coughlan looks at what King Charles has done differently.
Detectives investigating an alleged homophobic attack in south London arrest a teenager on suspicion of GBH.
The star of That '70s Show sat in court as the two women he raped described the impact of his crimes.
They won the £25,000 for their album Where I'm Meant To Be, which is the first-ever jazz album to win.
Temperatures pass 30C (86F) for four consecutive days, and more hot weather is on the way.
Peter Navarro faces up to a year in prison for failing to co-operate with a congressional committee.
BBC News has learned 13 universities have buildings containing a crumbling concrete.
He will be the first British prime minister of Indian heritage to visit the country.
Police say the call was made with "good intentions" after students were mistaken for bodies.
Kourtney Kardashian went into "urgent foetal surgery" to have an operation on her baby in the womb.
Almost all of Friday's papers continue to cover the story of missing terror suspect Daniel Khalife.
Pet owners reveal how much their vet bills set them back, as a review of the industry is launched.
A survivor describes the Stonehaven rail crash and her shock at the death of conductor Donald Dinnie.
How did the high priest of Japanese pop, Johnny Kitagawa, exploit teenage boys with impunity for so long?
The government publishes an official list of schools in England with crumbling concrete.
Keir Mather, 25 years old, is the youngest member of parliament after being sworn in on Monday.
Delhi is pulling out all the stops to dazzle world leaders as they prepare to gather this weekend.
The Canadian city is choosing sustainability over aesthetics as it deals with a severe drought.
Police are to investigate deaths at a trust in Nottingham, already the subject of a major review.
Michael O'Leary declared the cream pies delicious after wiping himself down in Brussels.
Mike Pilavachi was said to have also wrestled youths as he used his "authority to control people".
The former England star planted a kiss on the Prince of Wales' cheek as they met in Bournemouth.
Gigs by Jimmy Carr and Shrek the Musical are called off as several venues with Raac shut their doors.
The driver was not warned that part of the track near Stonehaven was unsafe before the fatal crash in 2020.
The former Tory whip's resignation paves the way for another by-election.
The police officer came across the burning vehicle after attending a separate incident.
A 51-year-old man is questioned on conspiracy to commit arson after the fire at the landmark pub.
Mark Dickey has been stuck in the Morca Cave since Saturday after suffering gastrointestinal bleeding.
Rwandan police discovered the crime after the 34-year-old suspect was evicted from his rented home.
BBC analysis of notices issued by coroners shows repeated failings in the care of autistic people.
Staff say they are "completely in the dark" as efforts to save the collapsed chain stall.
The CEO finally acknowledges the rampant sexual abuse committed by industry titan Johnny Kitagawa.
The occasion and history have ramped up expectations for France's Rugby World Cup opener against the All Blacks in Paris.
Northern Ireland's hopes of qualifying for Euro 2024 are all but over after a 4-2 defeat by Slovenia in Ljubljana.
England have a real sense of "optimism and belief" before their opening game World Cup game against Argentina on Saturday, says lock Maro Itoje.
The Saudi Pro League transfer deadline shuts to end a record-breaking summer of spending - but no Mohamed Salah as he stays at Liverpool.
Rob Herring says he will put his "best foot forward" for Ireland in their World Cup opener against Romania on Saturday.
WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury says he'll be "disappointed if there's not war" in his fight with former UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou in October.
Footage shows the vehicle being searched by police after it left HMP Wandsworth.
Daniel Khalife seemed "odd", according to Chris Jones who worked with him in Wandsworth Prison.
The BBC's analysis editor Ros Atkins answers questions on the escape of Daniel Abed Khalife.
Prison is described as a "powder keg" with overcrowding, understaffing and plagues of vermin.
The BBC's political editor reflects on suspected terrorist Daniel Abed Khalife's "gobsmacking" escape.
Police say it could be "very significant" and offer a reward up to £20,000 for information leading to Daniel Khalife's arrest.
Delhi doesn't want the summit under its presidency to be the first to end without a joint declaration.
Comedian Mike Yarwood, whose TV impressions made him a household name, dies aged 82.
Former England captain Andrew Flintoff is pictured for the first time since he was injured in an accident while filming Top Gear in last year.
France make the perfect start on their quest for a first Rugby World Cup title as they beat three-time champions New Zealand to delight the Stade de France in Paris.
Jordan Chadwick, 31, from Burnley, was found with his hands bound behind his back.
Emmerdale's Amy Walsh, Love Island's Luca Bish and opera singer Wynne Evans made the grand final.
The first anniversary King Charles' accession has been marked with gun salutes across the UK.
But prosecutors decided not to indict Lindsey Graham and others on election charges alongside Donald Trump.
Novak Djokovic beats young American Ben Shelton to reach a 10th US Open final, where he will face Carlos Alcaraz or Daniil Medvedev.
Heathrow has means to keep it safe, while Gatwick has found no cause for concern.
See who made the Official Charts' top 10 list of summer bangers. Did your favourite make the cut?
Russia's invasion has forced many to rethink having kids, but some refuse to put their lives on hold.
The soprano talks about preparing for the Royal Albert Hall and almost losing her voice to Covid.
Ernie, Baidu's answer to ChatGPT, is wary of sensitive subjects - and clearly dodges questions.
YouTube seven-piece The Sidemen are about to host their biggest charity football match to date.
Naomi Allsworth says her Pembrokeshire upbringing helped her prepare for survival programme Alone.
England seek to put aside their turbulent build-up by beating Argentina in their opening World Cup match on Saturday, writes rugby correspondent Chris Jones.
A year after taking the throne, the BBC's Sean Coughlan looks at what King Charles has done differently.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
There have been calls for it to be rebuilt brick by brick - but is it possible?
Misplaced for decades, the garment was rediscovered in an attic earlier this year.
US Air Force video captures the dramatic display in the eye of the storm raging in the Atlantic
A Barbie fan who introduces the film at her local cinema also puts some of her many dolls on display.
Episodes of the show will appear online a week after being broadcast on E4, the network confirmed.
The novelty spicy tortilla has been recalled in the US after it was linked to the death of a teenager.
Scotland are on the brink of qualifying for Euro 2024 after confidently sweeping aside Cyprus in Larnaca to maintain their 100% start in Group A.
Devon Conway and Daryl Mitchell score unbeaten centuries as New Zealand comfortably win the first one-day international against England in Cardiff.
Devon Conway and Daryl Mitchell both hit hundreds as New Zealand beat England by eight wickets in the first ODI in Cardiff.
Manchester United's Antony appears on Brazilian TV to deny allegations of assault saying "I never attacked any woman".
Britain's Laura Muir follows up last month's 800m Diamond League win with victory in the 1500m in Brussels.
Watch as Norwegian star Jakob Ingebrigtsen "smashes" the 2,000m world record, which has stood since 1999, with a time of 4:43:13 at the Diamond League meeting in Brussels.
BBC News speaks to people who knew terror suspect Daniel Khalife as he grew up in London.
As the search for missing Daniel Khalife continues, these maps show the early part of his route out of HMP Wandsworth.
A 19-year-old from Banbury was handcuffed after being mistaken for terror suspect Daniel Khalife.
Footage shows the vehicle being searched by police after it left HMP Wandsworth.
The head of the Metropolitan Police says Daniel Khalife's escape is "extremely concerning".
Daniel Khalife seemed "odd", according to Chris Jones who worked with him in Wandsworth Prison.
The death toll from a huge quake nearly doubles as Morocco's king orders three days of national mourning.
The 21-year-old ex-soldier is recaptured by police on a towpath four days after escaping from prison.
It comes as the Sunday Times reports one man is a parliamentary researcher accused of spying for China.
Leaders meeting in Delhi issue an ambiguous statement on the conflict, drawing criticism from Kyiv.
The audience stomp, clap and wave flags of every denomination as the eight-week Proms season ends.
George Ford kicks 27 points to steer England to a magnificent World Cup win over Argentina after Tom Curry's first-half red card.
Saturday was the hottest day of the year so far, but there are warnings of thundery downpours.
Russia congratulates Kim Jong Un amid rumours of a possible meeting between him and Vladimir Putin.
England's winning run in their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign comes to a halt as they are held to a draw by Ukraine in Wroclaw.
Scottish campaigner for Sikh rights Jagtar Singh Johal has been held by the Indian authorities since 2017.
Several relatives of the dead girl's father have been detained for questioning, police in Jhelum said.
The man who was struck by a car has been left with "potentially life-changing" leg injuries.
Chris Lewis fell 500ft (150m) while trying to reach two campers who broke lockdown rules.
Many of Sunday's front pages feature the earthquake in Morocco and the recapture of Daniel Khalife.
A woman who shot to fame giving parenting advice has been charged with six counts of child abuse
Families in the county which has the highest number of schools affected by Raac share their stories.
Key players tell Laura Kuenssberg how six years of political turbulence rocked the British state.
Fraudsters are using fake job ads to try to get people to give them money or their personal data.
France is broadly supportive of stopping girls wearing the robe, but many Muslim women are unhappy.
Ernie, Baidu's answer to ChatGPT, is wary of sensitive subjects - and clearly dodges questions.
Naomi Allsworth says her Pembrokeshire upbringing helped her prepare for survival programme Alone.
A first Christmas as a single dad to a love story - what drove Wynne to celeb cooking crown?
A resident describes her life inside one of South Africa's 'hijacked' buildings.
Cliff collapses reveal a plentiful supply of fossils but also make the coast a hazardous place.
A Barbie fan who introduces the film at a cinema also puts some of her many dolls on display.
Coco Gauff fulfils the potential she has long promised by landing her first Grand Slam title with a fightback win over Aryna Sabalenka in New York.
England's conservative display proves soporific but does not take the shine off a remarkable show of Ukrainian unity in the Euro 2024 qualifier.
Germany manager Hansi Flick is under further pressure after a 4-1 home loss to Japan in a friendly.
Scotland are huge underdogs against the brutal power of South Africa but have players that can hurt the World Cup holders, writes Tom English.
Watch highlights as ODI debutants Mahika Gaur and Lauren Filer take three wickets each as England beat Sri Lanka by seven wickets in the first one-day international at Chester-le-Street.
England boss Gareth Southgate accepts his side did not "quite click" in attack as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Ukraine in their Euro 2024 qualifier.
Alessia Russo scores twice but misses a shootout penalty as Arsenal suffer a shock exit before the Champions League group stage.
People in Morocco tell of the panic and confusion felt after a powerful earthquake hit late at night.
An earthquake in central Morocco has killed hundreds of people with reports some remain trapped under rubble.
A look at what is known about the quake that has claimed the lives of more than 800 people.
The top of the 850-year-old Kutubiyya mosque looks precarious after a 6.8 magnitude earthquake hit Marrakesh
Large areas of the old city in Marrakesh are devastated by Friday evening's powerful quake.
The 6.8 magnitude earthquake hit central Morocco, killing at least 296 people, the country's interior ministry says.
The BBC's Lora Jones tells you four things you can do, if your landlord asks for more money.
With weak competition adding to fuel prices, are drivers doing the right things to save money?
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Villagers dig by hand to find those still trapped, with few signs of an official response in some areas.
Luis Rubiales resigns as president of the Spanish Football Federation following criticism for kissing Jenni Hermoso after the Women's World Cup final.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak conveys his concerns to China about interference, No 10 says.
The jabs are being given faster than planned in England, because a new variant is spreading in the UK.
The Nottingham University Hospitals trust is already facing a police investigation over the deaths.
Novak Djokovic draws level with Australian Margaret Court on 24 major singles titles by outlasting Daniil Medvedev in a punishing US Open final.
The Home Secretary says the breed is a clear and lethal danger, particularly to children.
The 21-year-old is accused of escaping from the prison while awaiting trial on a terror offence.
Wales survive a dramatic late Fiji fightback to edge a captivating World Cup opener in Bordeaux.
The actress, 58, says she suffered hot flushes during last week's National Television Awards.
Ethiopia's giant hydroelectric dam on the Blue Nile stokes Egyptian fears of dire water shortages.
Temperatures have exceeded 30C for a seventh day, but a thunderstorm warning is issued for many areas.
Two volunteers are killed and two others injured when their vehicle comes under fire in Ukraine.
Many of Monday’s papers lead on the arrest of a parliamentary researcher, amid claims he was spying for China.
It should have been a time of great celebration for Spain but a historic Women's World Cup win has been overshadowed by a sexism scandal.
Covid vaccine rules are changing, but those most at risk will be offered another jab in the autumn.
The US and Vietnam are becoming better friends - and that's a troubling prospect for China.
Consensus seemed far away, but India managed to bring together nations with starkly divergent views.
Manchester United's Antony will delay his return to the club after allegations of assault.
Liam Livingstone's 95 sets up a series-levelling victory for England against New Zealand in Southampton.
Gen Mark Milley tells Laura Kuenssberg the autumn weather will make Ukraine's manoeuvres much harder.
Scaffolding around the cathedral will be removed after the completion of decades of renovations.
Fans in Bordeaux are wary of Fiji's threat, an opponent all too familiar to Wales.
Britain's four-time Olympic champion Mo Farah brings the curtain down on his illustrious career with a fourth-place finish in the Great North Run.
Jonty Warneken, who lost his leg in a car crash, swam solo from Northern Ireland to Scotland.
Ben Larg, from Tiree, is preparing to take on some of the world's biggest waves this winter.
Artist Tom Hicks explores the post-industrial landscape of the Black Country in a new book.
Experts tell us how often you should wash your towel and the risks if you leave it too long.
Scotland rugby fans dreamed of what-might-be against South Africa, but this was a dose of reality served cold, writes Tom English.
England batter Liam Livingstone reflects on his match-winning 95 not out against New Zealand.
England have sent a reminder to the World Cup's big guns with their performance against Argentina, says Matt Dawson.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill admits their miserable Euro 2024 qualifying campaign has started to feel like Groundhog Day.
Watch highlights as England comfortably beat New Zealand by 79 runs to level the one-day international series in a rain-affected encounter at Southampton.
Sweden's Vincent Norrman shoots a closing 65 to win the Irish Open as Rory McIlroy blows his chances by finding water four times.
CCTV shows the moment rubble begins to fall from a building onto the street where a man is standing.
Tafeghaghte was home to 200 people. Ninety are now dead, and the grief of those left behind is palpable.
Holidaymakers in Marrakesh detail the moment the devastating earthquake hit and their rush to safety.
The team's upcoming match against Liberia on Morocco's coastline was cancelled as a result of the earthquake.
There has been nothing bigger than a magnitude 6.0 in the affected area for more than 100 years.
The BBC's Nick Beake is in Amizmiz where people are searching rubble by hand to find belongings and relatives.
The BBC's Anna Holligan is at the site of the Jemaa el-Fnaa mosque looking at the damage.
A look at what is known about the quake that has claimed the lives of thousands of people.
Trainees are being abused by senior male surgeons, a major analysis given to the BBC reveals.
Mark Dickey is brought out after getting trapped in the Morca Cave for more than a week when he fell ill.
Ana Paun says she was terrified when she and two men who tried to help her were mauled by a dog.
The five children, taken by police in an afternoon raid, have been returned ahead of a court hearing.
A woman in her 40s is in custody for questioning after the toddler went missing from her home.
Some 24 of the chain's shops will shut after it failed to find a buyer, with hundreds more to close.
Deputy PM Oliver Dowden says the government is considering whether to increase checks on people working for China.
How a convicted murderer from Brazil escaped a prison and eluded police so far.
The streaming giant quashes a theory that listening to a song on repeat will rake in the royalties.
Rescuers have been using their bare hands to dig for survivors as the death toll nears 2,700.
The storm causes severe flooding in eastern Libya after killing a dozen people in Europe last week.
The collapse-prone concrete is found in one area but poses "no immediate risk", a spokesman says.
Tuesday's front pages report on a denial from a UK parliament researcher arrested for allegedly spying.
Some tell the BBC they developed eating disorders, while others are left with mental health problems.
An American bully XL can weigh more than nine stone (60kg) and be strong enough to overpower an adult.
A forensic anthropologist tries to put names to the last 1,000 unidentified dead of a Bosnian War genocide.
The North Korean leader's train reportedly serves fine French wines and lobster as it rumbles along.
The allegation a parliamentary researcher may have been spying for China has thrown a spotlight on Chinese intelligence activity in the UK.
The BBC speaks to a man haunted by the decision he was forced to make after Morocco's deadly earthquake.
Covid vaccine rules are changing, but those most at risk will be offered another jab in the autumn.
President Joe Biden will mark the 22nd anniversary in Alaska on his way back from Vietnam.
This year's celebrity dancers tell all ahead of the dancing competition's launch show.
The beloved discount retailer was founded in 1930 but now all 400 stores are set to close within weeks.
The World Cup victors look to have eventually won this particular battle over consent and gender equality.
Consensus seemed far away, but India managed to bring together nations with starkly divergent views.
Police have praised the public following the 21-year-old ex soldier's escape from Wandsworth prison.
The four strategically important oil and gas platforms were seized by Russia in 2015.
Geoff Marshall, 41, faces multiple charges including dangerous driving and criminal damage.
Creating the world's first cloned mammal was arguably one of the 20th Century's top scientific feats.
Juventus midfielder Paul Pogba is provisionally suspended from playing because of an anti-doping offence.
Officials say a small percentage missed Friday's deadline to return questionnaires on the concrete.
Matthew Waddell killed Sarah Albone then sent texts from her phone to dupe her family and friends.
The man was saved by snow and softened ice after tumbling from New Zealand's Mount Taranaki.
One of the world's most active volcanoes has erupted again on Hawaii's Big Island.
There has been a "massive influx" of the species usually found in Mediterranean waters.
BMW is investing £600m in preparing its Oxfordshire plant to build the next generation of electric cars.
Wales earn a much-needed, if unconvincing, win in Latvia to aid their ailing Euro 2024 qualifying campaign and ease some of the pressure on manager Robert Page.
The oldest fixture in international football throws up all sorts of intrigue 150 years on from their first encounter.
Andy Murray says US Open champion Novak Djokovic is set to dominate men's tennis for years to come.
A Spanish high court judge opens an investigation of former Spanish FA president Luis Rubiales over the Jenni Hermoso kissing incident.
Watch all the best action from week one of the new NFL season as Tyreek Hill stars for the Dolphins, Christian McCaffrey runs in a spectacular touchdown for the 49ers and the Jaguars' Zay Jones completes an incredible catch.
England defender Conor Coady backs the selection of "mainstay" Harry Maguire by boss Gareth Southgate.
Virat Kohli and KL Rahul both hit unbeaten centuries as India thrash Pakistan by 228 runs in the Asia Cup Super Four stage.
There is growing anger at the little help reaching towns and villages in the Atlas Mountains.
Only four countries so far have been allowed to send teams to the quake-hit region.
Friday's earthquake, the country's deadliest in 60 years, killed more than 2,000 people.
CCTV shows the moment rubble begins to fall from a building onto the street where a man is standing.
At least 10,000 people are missing as rescuers struggle to recover bodies swept away in a dam burst.
The government is not saying which figure will be used to calculate a rise under the triple lock.
Fewer than five patients have been prescribed whole-cannabis medicine, despite it becoming legal in 2018.
The oil giant said Bernard Looney had not been "fully transparent" in disclosures about past relationships with colleagues.
The two leaders could meet at the Vostochny space centre in Russia's far east, according to reports.
Nasa's James Webb Telescope may have discovered a molecule thought only to be produced by life.
Apple confirms new iPhone 15 will have a common USB-C charging port after the EU forced the change.
In a landmark trial brought by the US government, the tech giant denies using illegal practices to gain a monopoly.
Under the law change possessing the drug would carry a sentence of up to two years in prison or a large fine.
From shared enemies to a reliance on China, Russia and North Korea have a few things in common.
England show their class as they defeat Scotland in the rivalry's 150-year heritage match at Hampden.
It happened after a video was shared online showing a woman being restrained by a staff member.
Calls are growing for a ban on cheaper disposable vapes as it becomes more popular with youngsters.
BBC Political Editor Chris Mason looks at the politics and perils of rising state pensions.
Russia needs weapons. N Korea has weapons. It's a match made in the geo-political realities of 2023.
Desperate residents of a remote Moroccan village plead for outside help after the devastation of the quake.
The Ukraine war has put Russia's nervous neighbours on high alert, reports Europe editor Katya Adler.
What is being done about raw sewage discharges into rivers and the sea?
A landmark trial against the search engine will be a key test of whether the US can rein in the industry.
Egypt is concerned that Ethiopia is using water from the Nile to fill its giant Renaissance dam.
Researchers are experimenting with robots to help speed up the restoration of coral reefs.
An American bully XL can weigh more than nine stone (60kg) and be strong enough to overpower an adult.
British-Nigerian horror writer Nuzo Ono tells the BBC that she sleeps with a "bright light on".
The party is preparing to vote against the government plan aimed at boosting housebuilding.
A Pakistan court rules on the temporary custody of the children who travelled from the UK with Sara Sharif's father.
It is being investigated for allowing excessive sewage into England's rivers and seas.
Stonegate, which owns Slug & Lettuce and Yates bars, will add about 20p to a pint during busy periods.
Pepco Group confirmed that existing Wilko staff will have priority in applying for new jobs at Poundland.
Watch the moment a bullock is hoisted to safety by its legs after getting trapped in a sinkhole.
She says she repeatedly asked bosses to examine patient safety concerns at Manchester's The Christie.
Trainees are being abused by senior male surgeons, a major analysis given to the BBC reveals.
Dame Sharon White tells the BBC that shop workers are having to put up with abuse and attacks.
Former Spanish Football Federation president Luis Rubiales is summoned to appear in high court on Friday over his kiss of Spain's Jenni Hermoso.
Labour's deputy leader echoes Rishi Sunak in refusing to commit to the policy at the next election.
No one has any hope of finding Fatima alive, but they say it is important her body is recovered.
Around 75 crocodiles escaped from a breeding farm after Typhoon Haikui caused flooding in Guangdong.
The US allows banks to move $6bn from South Korea, paving the way for the release of five Americans.
The 24-year-old was shot in her bedroom after an attack aimed at a drug-dealing hotspot in Marseille.
Geoff Marshall admits driving at police vehicles after officers were called to a domestic dispute.
Arthur Brand met an unnamed man under a tree during a mysterious, years-long quest to find the work.
Wages are no longer being squeezed by inflation, but there are signs the jobs market is beginning to turn.
Hostages who were used as "human shields" say they should never have been allowed to land in Kuwait.
Next year's ceremony on 10 March will be shown in the UK on ITV1 and streaming service ITVX.
An infestation in the 83-year-old's house has driven him to his car overnight to get some sleep.
A UN report finds the area planted with coca bushes is the biggest ever registered.
Customers also report problems with payments and check-in as IT systems go down at MGM Resorts' hotels.
Merope Mills, whose daughter's death was preventable, says she will meet Stephen Barclay this week.
Jude Bellingham's vision and touch put the concluding flourish on a world-class performance as England cruised past Scotland, says chief football writer Phil McNulty.
Two-time Grand Slam champion Simona Halep is banned for four years following breaches of tennis doping rules.
Ultra Trail du Mont Blanc - a 100-mile foot race crossing three countries - is epic. And that's before you even witness it close up.
England boss Gareth Southgate condemns the "ridiculous treatment" of Harry Maguire, saying the criticism the defender has faced is "a joke".
Tom Curry will miss England's next two Rugby World Cup games after his red card in the win over Argentina.
Kate Cross shows great awareness to run out Achini Kulasuriya after the Sri Lankan is caught meandering back to her crease at the non-striker's end.
Working out how best to deploy George Ford and Owen Farrell is a "really nice problem to have", says England attack coach Richard Wigglesworth.
A second significant rise in the state pension is expected in April under what is known as the triple lock.
The father, stepmother and uncle of Sara Sharif, 10, are arrested after returning to UK from Pakistan.
The Colombian died in an immigration centre awaiting deportation - his family say he was willing to leave.
As victims in Derna are buried in mass graves, rescuers say they are desperate for more help.
The Labour leader seeks a new security deal with Europe, as he accuses the government of failing.
Two women - Patsy Stevenson and Dania Al-Obeid - settle their legal claim with the London force.
More than 60 projects receive £14.5m for habitat restoration for butterflies, bats and birds.
France joins several other European countries that are trying to stop children using e-cigarettes.
The treatment has been recommended by health experts and will soon be available on the NHS.
Labour leads a Lords rebellion on removing restrictions on water pollution to build new homes.
Payments made with notes and coins rose as the cost of living started to bite, but debit card use was higher.
Video appears to show a Seattle police officer laughing about an Indian student killed by a patrol car.
Isa Balado was broadcasting live on air when the man walked up and appeared to touch her.
The self-proclaimed shaman and the princess are known for their controversial alternative beliefs.
Thursday's front pages focus on Labour's immigration plans, if it wins the next general election.
Rescuers find that few homes remain in the devastated village of Douzrou, where 100 have died.
A visual guide to why heavy rain caused such devastation and killed so many people in the city of Derna.
Jess explains why she put her dad Roger forward for My Mum, Your Dad after her mum died.
Photographers share their joy after skies were lit up green, pink and yellow by the aurora borealis.
It includes alerts about people trying to get on in politics, and cautions not to discuss sensitive work in Westminster pubs.
Ex-Secret Service agent Paul Landis reveals a new detail some say upends the "single bullet theory".
Dr Najib Tarhoni has been working at the nearest large hospital to Derna, and is assisting with the disaster.
As her second album heads for number one, the star discusses the pressure of overnight fame.
As a new school term gets under way, two parents share different views about why they want guidance.
Scores of young volunteers help distribute aid for hundreds of devastated communities in Morocco.
The accords could have led to a Palestinian state - now even Palestinians lack faith in their leaders.
The DJ tells MPs a "tidal wave" of revelations about misconduct in the music industry could emerge.
Coronel, 34, had admitted helping Guzmán run the Sinaloa drugs cartel and aiding his prison escape.
Tech heavyweights gathered in Washington DC to discuss the regulation of artificial intelligence.
A 60-year-old man has been arrested after an 11-year-old girl suffered serious injuries.
Shakira crowd-surfs her way to a lifetime achievement award, while Swift wins artist of the year.
The police watchdog is to review how a force handled complaints from Andrew Malkinson's legal team.
Jaswant Singh Chail was caught with a loaded crossbow at Windsor Castle on Christmas Day 2021.
Danelo Cavalcante, 34, resisted arrest in a wooded area after an aircraft picked up his heat signal.
Craig Gibson has appeared in court after the alleged assault in Toronto.
She was best known for playing matriarch Nellie Boswell in the Liverpool-set 1980s TV sitcom.
The farmer is having to rethink keeping ponies on Gower's cliffs because of visitors' behaviour.
Official figures show the UK economy contracted by 0.5% in July, more than economists predicted.
Former F1 world champion Nigel Mansell is auctioning racing memorabilia previously housed in his Jersey museum.
A head says uniform checks "aren't new" and he makes "no apologies" for having high standards.
Ben Stokes was due to be playing golf at the PGA Championship this week, instead he teed off against New Zealand and put the rest of the world on notice, says chief cricket writer Stephan Shemilt.
England's Harry Maguire says the reaction from the Scotland fans in Tuesday's friendly at Hampden Park is just a "little bit of banter".
Great Britain start their bid to reach the Davis Cup Finals knockout stage with a superb victory as debutant Jack Draper and Dan Evans both win.
Watch the best shots as Ben Stokes hits the highest score by an England batter in a one-day international by hammering 182 against New Zealand at The Kia Oval.
Billy Vunipola is back, Wales look to lay down a marker, and Sam Whitelock will equal a record - what to look out for in week two of the Rugby World Cup.
The Women's Super League summer transfer window closes on Thursday, with plenty of potential business still to be conducted. Here are the major moves to keep an eye out for.
England's Keira Walsh and Bethany England will miss this month's Women's Nations League matches against Scotland and the Netherlands because of injury.
A basic guide to how the economy is measured and why that calculation matters.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
Britain's economy is predicted to shrink in 2023 but is not expected to fall into recession.
The stepmother and uncle of the 10-year-old girl, who was found dead in Woking, have also been charged.
Residents of Derna tell the BBC how they got out alive as floodwaters smashed through the city.
President Biden's son Hunter is criminally charged with three counts of lying when buying a firearm.
Twenty-two flights from the airport have been cancelled and dozens more delayed due to a shortage of air control staff.
Nasa's long-awaited report aims to demystify how it investigates unexplained phenomena.
Rishi Sunak has acknowledged that his promise to cut NHS waiting lists in England is in doubt.
Dame Anna Wintour is joined by Sienna Miller, Kate Winslet and Stormzy at the London fashion event.
The jumper caused a stir - and speculation about the black sheep's symbolism - before her 1981 wedding.
The US fast food chain closed its initial store in 2019 following protests by campaigners.
The European Central Bank increases rates for the 10th time in a row to a record high.
The prime minister and chancellor are said to have concerns over spiralling costs and delays.
Queen Camilla thanks the BBC Radio 4 drama for "bringing joy, laughter and tears to your audience".
A former RAF bomber pilot abseils down the Royal London Hospital for charity.
NHS waiting times and the Labour leader's pledge to tackle migration are among the front-page stories.
Winning images of the amazing parts of our Universe go on display in London.
Tea purists are divided over claims being made by the makers of a new 60-second brew.
Pictures reveal washed-away streets and thousands of destroyed buildings in the city of Derna.
The BBC's analysis editor looks at the link between the devastating floods and years of crisis in Libya.
The statue, outside the Brussels stock exchange, had just been restored at great cost.
Frank Ospina was awaiting deportation - his family say he was willing to leave.
Syrians trying to find information about "missing" prisoners, are finding themselves paying thousands to fraudsters.
Financial crime experts say "burner companies" are "most likely part of a criminal network".
The NHS pulled funding for the service, saying it was never intended to be a national helpline.
The pilot fired two missiles - the first missed rather than malfunctioned, as was claimed at the time.
The Ocean Explorer with 206 people on board had been stuck since Monday, with some catching Covid.
A suspect is questioned after two people were assaulted and a woman was hit by a car, say police.
Carrefour is telling its customers which products are smaller than they used to be.
Patsy Stevenson and Dania Al-Obeid both settle their legal claim with the Metropolitan Police.
The shirts from England's seven games and a goalkeeper jersey could fetch £300,000.
A growing number of small studios urge the maker of the game engine to ditch plans for new charges.
A girl, 15, was wrongly accused of having drugs and strip-searched on her period in December 2020.
A company that makes ID cards for Greater Manchester Police has been targeted in the attack.
The discount supermarket saw a jump in its sales but says costs increased "across the board"
A much-changed France side overcome spirited Uruguay outfit in Lille to maintain their winning start at their home World Cup.
England beat Sri Lanka by 161 runs to seal a convincing 2-0 ODI series victory and bounce back from surprise T20 series defeat.
Manchester United winger Jadon Sancho will train away from the first team until issues between the player and manager Erik ten Hag are resolved, the club has confirmed.
BBC pundit Garth Crooks tipping newly-promoted Luton Town to be relegated by Christmas is "disrespectful", says Luton boss Rob Edwards.
Newly turned professional Ludvig Aberg warms up for the Ryder Cup with an impressive opening round at the BMW PGA Championship.
Watch highlights as England thrash Sri Lanka by 161 runs to secure a 2-0 series victory behind a superb 120 runs by Nat Sciver-Brunt and Charlie Dean's 5-31.
Irish trainer Luke Comer is banned from racing for three years after 12 of his horses tested positive for banned anabolic steroids.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
With one in five people now renting in the UK, it's important to understand your rights as a tenant.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
It comes after a man died following a suspected American XL bully attack in Walsall on Thursday.
The dog can weigh more than nine stone (60kg) and be strong enough to overpower an adult.
Alfie Meadows was left with a brain injury after being struck in 2010 during a tuition fees protest.
The actor says his letter of support for rape convict Danny Masterson was an "error in judgement".
An official tells the BBC people in Derna were told to flee but some did not take the threat seriously.
The order, if approved, would set limits on what Mr Trump can say about his election meddling case.
In the Libyan city of Derna, Anna Foster describes the flood devastation and lack of international aid.
The ex-Daily Show host's ordeal played out live on air as he ran late for an interview in Johannesburg.
The nurse became the UK's most prolific child killer in modern times when she was convicted last month.
Jaswant Singh Chail has admitted charges relating to the Christmas 2021 break-in at Windsor Castle.
An emotional Andy Murray dedicates a hard-earned Davis Cup win to his grandmother Ellen after revealing he missed her funeral to play.
Marks & Spencer said the move should cut plastics use.
Sports presenter Gabby Logan and husband Kenny receive a "six-figure" sum over a Mail Online story.
Many of Saturday's papers focus on the American bully XL dog ban, after a man died in a suspected attack.
Iran's protests may have subsided, but women have found new ways to defy the country's regime.
The dogs will be outlawed after a spate of attacks, but some say irresponsible owners, not animals, are to blame.
After a record-breaking summer of extreme temperatures in the US, BBC Sport looks at the possible impact on the 2026 World Cup.
Spain's Women's World Cup success has been overshadowed by the actions of Luis Rubiales during celebrations.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The popular Netflix drama's ending divided critics and fans after more than a decade on screens.
Baby bump-flashing Sienna Miller joins other stars like Kate Winslet and Stormzy at the fashion event.
A look back at some of the calamitous floods that have occurred around the world in just the first half of this month.
The outcome of the case will play a significant part in what promises to be a turbulent election cycle.
The County Down-born comedian says hosting RTÉ's flagship show is the "honour of a lifetime".
Lambeth Council says the venue can host events again if it meets 77 "robust" safety conditions.
Colombia's best-known artist, he won worldwide fame with sculptures and paintings of rotund figures.
Large parts of the city of Derna were destroyed after two dams burst, with thousands killed.
Shireland CBSO Academy in West Bromwich is a new school with music embedded in its curriculum.
The complaint concerned how the social media app handled children's data in 2020.
The Aslef union announces its latest industrial action in the long-running row over pay and conditions.
There is enough scientific evidence for some less conventional "body and mind" approaches, say experts.
The move comes just weeks after the death of the group's founder Yevgeny Prigozhin.
Theresa May says the unnamed minister avoided the families by hiding in a cupboard in 2010.
New Zealand storm to their 50th win at the Rugby World Cup as they thrash Namibia, but lose Ethan de Groot to a late red card for a dangerous collision.
Opener Jason Roy should remain in England's World Cup squad despite not taking part in the series against New Zealand, according to James Anderson.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag says he does not know if Jadon Sancho will play for the club again.
Watch highlights as Dawid Malan makes 127 and England beat New Zealand by 100 runs in the fourth one-day international at Lords to claim a 3-1 series victory.
Dawid Malan's sublime century inspires England to a series-clinching hammering of New Zealand in the fourth and final one-day international at Lord's.
Rory McIlroy battled through a chaotic last-hole to finish on the projected cut mark of one under par at the BMW PGA Championship.
Wakefield are relegated from Super League after falling to a dramatic golden-point defeat at Leigh Leopards.
The comedian and actor denies allegations about his behaviour over a period of seven years - and performs a scheduled gig.
With lives in Libya washed away, anger mounts as people ask why they were told to stay at home.
Missing winter sea-ice signals changes in Antarctica that could be "absolute disaster for the world", scientists say.
Default speed limit in built-up areas in Wales reduces from 30mph to 20mph on Sunday.
When Keir Starmer unveils a policy it is roundly attacked - is this the price of getting a hearing?
Ken Paxton has always denied wrongdoing and called the impeachment a 'politically motivated sham'.
The retailer has collapsed and will disappear from the High Street, but will continue online.
Owners will have to muzzle, neuter and register their dogs, Christine Middlemiss says, after PM announces ban.
This week's attacks against Russian targets are part of increased efforts to cut supply lines.
Nathaniel Shani, 14, died in hospital on Friday night after being stabbed in Manchester.
A much-changed Wales struggle to a bonus-point World Cup victory over impressive Portugal in Nice.
The body was placed in a white coffin and taken to a cemetery in Lampedusa, reports say.
A flash mob of fans sing Calon Lan on the street in Nice ahead of Wales clash with Portugal.
Most of the Sunday's papers focus on allegations made against comedian and actor Russell Brand.
The comedian, actor and activist has hosted programmes for Channel 4, Radio X, MTV and the BBC.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Some museums saw the pandemic as real-time history and collected artefacts. What did they choose?
The epidemic's staggering scale and its infiltration of communities across the nation is laid bare in a new study.
Boys From the Blackstuff regularly appears on lists of the greatest TV shows ever. Now it's on stage.
As a BBC drama about a romance scam airs, one victim details how she lost a huge sum.
Sabrina Bahsoon - aka Tube Girl - talks about becoming TikTok's dancing queen and inspiring others.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Iran's protests may have subsided, but women have found new ways to defy the country's regime.
A so-called Brazilian butt-lift is the fastest-growing form of cosmetic surgery, despite the risks.
Two of the animals were shot dead after leaving their enclosure and heading for a village school.
Zeinab Mohamed Salih writes about how dangerous it was to bury her grandmother in war-hit Sudan.
The Wolverine star says he and Deborra-Lee Furness will now "pursue our individual growth".
Li Jiaqi's comments struck a raw nerve as China's youth struggle to find jobs in a sputtering economy.
His situation is seen in small shops across the country, says the Federation of Independent Retailers.
The actor says his letter of support for rape convict Danny Masterson was an "error in judgement".
Mangosuthu Buthelezi has been granted a state funeral but the debate over his legacy reopens wounds.
Alfie Meadows was left with a brain injury after being struck in 2010 during a tuition fees protest.
The dog can weigh more than nine stone (60kg) and be strong enough to overpower an adult.
Ireland continue their winning start to the World Cup with a bonus-point victory over Tonga on a landmark night for Johnny Sexton in Nantes.
Brighton cruised past Manchester United at Old Trafford to hand the Reds their third defeat of the season
Ferrari's Carlos Sainz edges out George Russell's Mercedes for pole position as Max Verstappen qualifies 11th at the Singapore Grand Prix.
Match of the Day pundits Alan Shearer and Danny Murphy discuss how Brighton were able to exploit Manchester United's change in formation during their 3-1 win at Old Trafford.
Harry Swindells hits an unbeaten ton at Trent Bridge as Leicestershire beat Hampshire off the last ball to win a One-Day Cup final classic.
Champions Barcelona open up a one-point lead over Real Madrid thanks to a 5-0 win over Real Betis at the Nou Camp.
Celtic move two points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership after eventually overwhelming stubborn visitors Dundee.
A basic guide to how the economy is measured and why that calculation matters.
Comedian Russell Brand has denied sexual assault allegations, with scrutiny also on the TV business.
The comedian and actor denies serious allegations about his behaviour over a period of seven years.
The agreement is due for review in 2025, which the Labour leader says is a key moment to reset relations.
The online booking system in England has opened and GPs are contacting people eligible to be vaccinated.
Ukraine's generals say they have broken through Russia's first line of defence in the south.
Dark smoke rises from the cone-shaped tower as government offices come under attack.
Damian Lloyd says his family had checked in for a flight in advance but Ryanair says they had "unchecked" themselves.
Five Met Police officers are due to appear at a hearing over the stop-and-search of Bianca Williams.
Doctors are struggling to identify the remains which have been found as the death toll rises.
Estate agent Hamptons says the cost has risen more in the last year than it did in the four years to 2019.
England edge closer to the Rugby World Cup quarter-finals, but do little to impress in a scrappy 34-12 win over Japan in Nice.
She issued a tearful apology for continuing her talk show while her unionised writers were on strike.
Dan Evans and Neal Skupski save four match points before winning a nerve-wracking Davis Cup decider against France.
Monday's papers continue to focus on allegations made against comedian Russell Brand.
The epidemic's staggering scale and infiltration of communities is laid bare in a new study.
When London's burial grounds started to overflow, a rail route began for mourners - and their dead.
The comedian, actor and activist has hosted programmes for Channel 4, Radio X, MTV and the BBC.
Show organisers in Harrogate believe Gareth Griffin's enormous onion is the world's largest.
The default speed limit for built-up areas across Wales reduces from 30mph to 20mph on Sunday.
Ava Stanley from Higham says she "thought she was going to die" when nurses ignored her heart monitor.
Former Rangers and Scotland defender Ronnie MacKinnon passes away at the age of 83.
A man in his 40s died despite efforts of emergency service workers to save him
Fiji beat Australia for just the third time in their history and blow Pool C wide open with a thrilling win at the Rugby World Cup.
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he never keeps the trophy after winning a fourth straight Shanghai Masters title with an 11-9 win over Luca Brecel.
Arsenal move fourth in the Premier League by beating winless Everton through Leandro Trossard's 69th-minute strike at Goodison Park.
Watch the moment Great Britain's Dan Evans and Neal Skupski complete a thrilling comeback, saving four match points to beat France and advance to the last eight of the Davis Cup.
Watch the best of Sunday's action at the Rugby world cup, including wins for England, South Africa and Fiji.
Real Madrid continue their perfect start to the La Liga campaign with victory over Real Sociedad.
Remaining dates of the star's live tour are postponed following the allegations.
The BBC's Chi Chi Izundu takes a look at the controversies throughout comedian and actor Russell Brand's career.
The F-35B fighter jet went missing on Sunday after a "mishap" caused the pilot to safely eject.
The sum is for postmasters whose wrongful convictions for theft and false accounting have now been overturned.
Mr Trudeau says there are "credible allegations" India was involved in Hardeep Singh Nijjar's death.
Jens Haaning was given €71,000 by a Danish museum to create art, but sent it blank frames.
Virginia McCullough is accused of killing her parents at some point since August 2018.
The Conservative MP says health problems have sometimes made it "impossible" to do her job.
Spain players have reiterated that they are boycotting the national team despite being called up to the women's national team.
The folk singer, famous for his whistling, singing and guitar playing, dies in France.
The singer will perform 20 hours of community service and pay $1,400 in fines for the "egregious" act.
Callum Hudson-Odoi scores a glorious equaliser on his Nottingham Forest debut to salvage a Premier League draw against Burnley.
BBC Africa Eye gains rare access to Operation Dudula, South Africa's prominent anti-migrant movement.
The late star's brother hopes a new docuseries, Who Killed Jill Dando?, will jog somebody's memory.
Damian Lloyd says his family had checked in for a flight in advance but Ryanair says they had "unchecked" themselves.
Senior government officials spoke to Buckingham Palace during the pandemic about the then PM's conduct, the BBC is told.
The Call of Duty Warzone world champs were crowned in London at an interesting time for the UK scene.
Communities across Devon are clearing up after torrential rain flooded homes, roads and businesses.
Sunnah Khan and Joe Abbess died after getting into difficulty in the water off Bournemouth Beach.
The rollout has been brought forward as a precaution against a highly-mutated new Covid variant.
Social media users have been capturing the UK's lightning strikes and thunderstorms.
It is thought commissioners sent by government could be sent in to run the struggling city council.
The ex-PM uses a speech to defend her tenure in office and to urge Rishi Sunak to cut taxes and delay net-zero commitments.
The 150 million year-old camptosaurus is expected to fetch up to €1.2m ($1.2m) in October.
Barry and Mary Ford were living in Florida when they first heard the Sanquhar site was up for sale.
Ella Morgan Clark will be the first trans woman to walk down the aisle on Married At First Sight.
Officials are unable to locate the F-35 jet after its pilot safely ejected over South Carolina.
A Colorado woman was handcuffed and placed in police car that was then hit by a freight train.
Kitt Blake died three years ago at the age of 30 but four of his organs were used to help others.
An Edinburgh food research team produces a lower-fat alternative aimed at cutting palm oil dependence.
Andy Johnson says culling deer is necessary to keep numbers down.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland and Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp star in the weekend's funniest moments from Match of the Day 2's '2 Good 2 Bad'.
Diane Caldwell says the Republic of Ireland qualified for their first World Cup "in spite" of then manager Vera Pauw.
The Denver Broncos pulling off a 'Hail Mary' play is part of the NFL plays of the week from the second round of games.
Who has the toughest group? When will the games be played? And who are favourites to win the tournament?
Preview followed by live coverage of Tuesday's Champions League game between AC Milan and Newcastle United.
Wales number eight Taulupe Faletau says he is growing into the World Cup after returning from a calf injury.
Preview followed by live coverage of Tuesday's Champions League game between Manchester City and Red Star Belgrade.
A woman known as Alice says Russell Brand's denial of sexual assault is laughable but unsurprising.
The comedian and actor denies serious allegations about his behaviour over a period of seven years.
The comedian, actor and activist has hosted programmes for Channel 4, Radio X, MTV and the BBC.
The comedian performed in London in his first appearance since being accused of rape and sexual assault.
Grabbing food on the go can be expensive so here are some top tips on making savings at lunchtime.
Plans could include delaying a ban on sales of new petrol cars and the phasing out of gas boilers.
The world must unite to end Russia's aggression, Ukraine's president tells the UN General Assembly.
Michael Gove accuses the city council of "woeful mismanagement" amid its financial crisis.
The BBC launches an internal review of any complaints, and removes some shows from streaming services.
The Prince of Wales joins the global stage in New York as the Earthshot Prize finalists are revealed.
A lawyer says the US president's son wants to appear in court remotely, but prosecutors are opposed.
Another 27 educational settings in England are now known to be affected by crumbling concrete.
The BBC's analysis editor looks at why India and Canada have entered a diplomatic spat over the murder of a Sikh activist.
Nicholas Dominici, one, who had attended the daycare for just a week, died of a suspected overdose.
Sam Bankman-Fried's parents are being sued as his bankrupt crypto firm FTX seeks to recover money.
The MP has been suspended from the party pending an inquiry into comments she made about racism.
Prices will rise faster in the UK than any other G7 country this year, a forecast suggests.
This is the moment two baby seals tangled up in fishing nets are rescued on a South African beach.
Several papers lead on Rishi Sunak considering weakening key climate pledges - with a mixed reaction.
Victim-blaming culture and a lack of confidence in the police can deter victims from speaking out.
India is the fifth largest economy and is seen by the West as a key partner against China.
Football fans in Tehran celebrate a rare chance to see an international sports superstar close up.
Nearly 13,000 workers for Ford, General Motors and Stellantis have gone on an historic, co-ordinated strike.
Climate change made the floods 50 times more likely, the World Weather Attribution group says.
Consultants and junior doctors in England begin their first joint strike across the NHS in England.
Google DeepMind has used its technology to identify parts of human DNA that might cause diseases.
Nicky Newman, who inspired with her brave outlook despite having stage four breast cancer, has died.
An underwater mission spotted never-seen remnants from three ships from the Battle of Midway.
The report into Brook House, sparked by BBC Panorama, calls for strict time limits on detention.
The law aims to force firms to remove illegal content and protect children from some legal but harmful material.
Baku says the operation against its ethnic-Armenian enclave will stop only if it sees a white flag.
The department's response will now be dealt with as part of the Home Office's normal activities.
The government has promised to reduce the use of hotels to house migrants while their claims are processed.
Sara's father, stepmother and uncle are due to stand trial at the Old Bailey in September 2024.
The organisation wants the A303 scheme to be amended before a World Heritage Committee meeting.
The deal with Litmus Music covers hits like Firework, I Kissed A Girl, Dark Horse and Roar.
An audit opinion says due process was not followed when the government approved the bill for the former PM's lawyers.
The Labour leader is hoping to project the image he is a PM in waiting, as he reopens party discussions on Brexit.
The legislation offers a conditional amnesty to those accused of Troubles-era killings.
New analysis finds most children had a significant change in their mental health while on the drugs.
Customers must now pay £1.99 when they return items either in store or online, although members are exempt.
BBC understands lawyers acting for more than 20 players have been told the club intends to seek a settlement.
The price of a barrel of oil rose above $95 on Tuesday, stoking fears it could impact inflation.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says club "in trouble" with a mounting injury list that threatens to disrupt his side's perfect start to the season.
Spain players who had said they are boycotting the national team turn up for international duty.
Eddie Howe is confident Newcastle will grow in the Champions League after they mark their return to the competition following a 20-year absence with a creditable draw at AC Milan.
Celtic's quest for a rare Champions League away win goes on after having two men sent off in a second-half implosion against Feyenoord.
European champions Manchester City come from behind to beat Red Star Belgrade in the opening game of their Champions League defence.
Goalkeeper Mary Earps has won the England Women's Player of the Year award.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola appears to laugh at the suggestion Manchester United are Premier League title rivals.
The BBC has also removed some shows featuring the comedian and actor from its streaming services.
Brand was at the centre of a messy celebrity scene that now feels like the Cool Britannia party gone sour.
The BBC's Chi Chi Izundu takes a look at the controversies throughout comedian and actor Russell Brand's career.
The comedian and actor denies serious allegations about his behaviour over a period of seven years.
How higher interest rates are changing the UK's housing market.
Members of the RMT rail workers' union and Aslef train drivers' union are set to strike again.
The prime minister claims the changes will support "hard-pressed families" but opponents accuse him of "selling out".
Former staff and users tell the BBC the app's algorithm has encouraged harmful real-life behaviour.
The royal state visit is intended to reinvigorate the relationship between France and Britain.
Interest rates were widely expected to rise to 5.5%, but half of investors now think they may not change.
Ethnic Armenian separatists agree to disband and give up their weapons as part of a ceasefire.
Ancient timber preserved in a riverbed suggests humans were building wooden structures 500,000 years ago.
The monarch raises a toast to his hosts in Versaille, President Macron and his wife Brigitte.
Video footage shows the man removing full shopping bags and fleeing before police arrived.
The four women tell their story after father dies days into a 16-year sentence for sexual abuse.
The Virgin DJ said he had undergone surgery last week and received "excellent news" on Tuesday.
Manchester United are given a taste of what could have been as Harry Kane helps Bayern Munich to victory over Erik ten Hag's struggling side in their Champions League opener.
The unusual installation is part of a career retrospective of Serbian artist Marina Abramović.
The couple are on a three-day visit, with a state dinner among the highlights of the first day.
Four months after it was torn apart by deadly ethnic violence, Manipur remains gripped by fear.
Quobna Cugoano was captured by slavers aged 13 but later played a big part in the UK abolition movement.
The film and high-end TV industry in the UK is seeing a frenzy of activity.
Consultants and junior doctors in England begin their first joint strike across the NHS in England.
The government wants to improve the nation's health and fitness at a time when gyms and pools are closing.
The BBC investigates the seizure of a £54m yacht and its links to a sanctioned Russian billionaire.
Concern mounts about costs of walkouts in England, as doctors charge premium rates to provide cover.
More than 305 vessels were lost during the daring mission to save 338,226 Allied soldiers in 1940.
The company hopes to help people with paralysis move a cursor, or type, using its brain implant.
A tornado rips through the city of Suqian in eastern China, sending debris flying through the air.
Wedding photographer Michael Carver had waited years to capture newly weds with the Northern Lights.
Pictures of Richmond upon Thames are displayed in the baker's branch in Richmond, North Yorkshire.
British Gymnastics is accused by a campaign group of a "serious institutional betrayal" by not including more people on a list of banned coaches and members.
Millions in compensation will be paid out after the game tricked players into making unintended purchases.
The actress and singer became the most-followed woman on Instagram earlier this year.
Russell Brand has been accused of rape and sexual assaults, which he denies.
Venables, who killed toddler James Bulger in 1993, was jailed for having child abuse images in 2017.
The country is on edge for its first major fire season since a catastrophic summer four years ago.
A BBC survey suggests more than a quarter of girls have experienced sexual harassment in some form.
Arsenal mark their return to the Champions League after six seasons away with a ruthless win over Dutch side PSV Eindhoven.
Jude Bellingham scores an injury-time tap-in as Real Madrid leave it late to beat Champions League debutants Union Berlin.
Italy overturn a 10-point half-time deficit to beat Uruguay and go top of Pool A at the Rugby World Cup.
Premier League clubs will be updated on new broadcasting deal plans, financial handouts to EFL clubs and fixture calendar changes when they meet in London on Thursday.
Manchester United goalkeeper Andre Onana says he has "let the team down" and that they failed to get a result at Bayern Munich "because of me".
Former British number one Emma Raducanu says she will return to tennis next season after undergoing wrist and ankle surgery in May.
All of England's players are "ready for when the call comes", says Jack Willis, before the team to face Chile is named.
The prime minister has rolled back some net zero policies, but says he's still committed to targets.
The PM announces changes to his green approach, but says 2050 net zero targets will still be met.
Watch what the prime minister has said in the past, and what he's saying now.
Car makers have raised concerns over the move to delay the ban on new petrol and diesel sales to 2035.
The UK may weaken some key green commitments, despite its pledge to reach "net zero" by 2050.
The PM's predecessor warns that firms cannot afford for ministers to lose "ambition" on climate goals.
Sunak's mooted changes to net zero targets are far from tinkering at the edges, our political editor writes.
But the dilution of green policies has sparked anger among some Tories and opposition parties.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
In January the prime minister said five priorities should be used to hold his government to account.
The Bank of England is deciding whether to raise interest rates for the 15th time in a row.
Low-income households, pensioners and some disabled people will get extra help with energy bills.
The incident, which happened in Los Angeles in 2008, is the first time Brand has been heard publicly admitting sexual misconduct.
Three men and two women are to be charged with conspiracy to conduct espionage, UK prosecutors say.
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch is stepping down as chairman, ending a 70-year career.
We look at claims about seven bins, heat pumps and cutting emissions.
The British actress says her former partner is refusing to send their two daughters back to the UK.
The second season of the murder-mystery game sees the Love Island winner and ex-Commons Speaker compete.
Car makers will still have to ensure over a fifth of cars sold are electric from 2024.
The surprise decision comes as the Bank of England says price rises are slowing faster than expected.
Joyce Wright, 83, is left to spend the night in someone else's bed at a house in Skegness.
Police are "extremely concerned" for Jamie-Leigh Kelly, her newborn baby and three-year-old daughter.
A "large quantity" of narcotics are found at the New York daycare where a boy aged one died.
Tory ministers have seized on the Labour leader's comments at a summit on not diverging from the EU.
It seems the TV show's real-life inspirations have concluded their own succession drama.
The BBC's Hugh Schofield finds the French public not as interested in the royal visit as parliamentarians.
Orla Guerin visits a hospital and clinic in Ukraine, where 15,000 lost limbs in the first half of 2023.
Esther Garrity suffered extensive brain injuries when her boyfriend attacked her on a night out.
Conservatives will be watching the opinion polls to see whether the PM's announcement chimes with voters.
The Netflix teen sex comedy is coming to an end after tackling topics from STDs to trans identities.
Revered and feared, the tycoon has built a global media empire on four continents.
Shamim Allu used to walk on crutches after militants shot her at a Kenyan shopping mall a decade ago.
Rishi Sunak had avoided stoking Tory infighting, but has now done just that, says our political editor.
The dancer says she dreaded the pain of waking up to the hair loss and decided to "take control".
King Charles and Queen Camilla are in France for the second day of a three-day state visit.
The short list includes writers from the UK, Ireland, US and Canada.
George RR Martin and John Grisham are among the authors suing the company over copyright laws.
They live on flood-plains contaminated by potentially harmful levels of toxic waste, research reveals.
Its website had previously said customers must pay £1.99 to return parcels either in store or online.
Three-quarters of survivors in a survey say their mental health worsened due to the police investigation.
Charles III and Camilla are on a three-day visit to France, here are some highlights from their first two days.
A bill to implement the ban looks all but certain to run out of parliamentary time to become law.
The 21-year-old former soldier is charged with escaping from Wandsworth prison on 6 September.
In July, the host told viewers he had made "errors of judgement" but strongly denied any criminality.
Most people in the UK agree household tasks should be shared - but women still do more, an annual survey finds.
The event will explore the megastar's impact on culture and the music industry.
Brighton suffer defeat on their debut in European competition as they are beaten at home by AEK Athens in the Europa League.
Rangers mark their return to the safe haven of the Europa League with a narrow but impressive victory over Real Betis.
France secure their record win with a 96-0 World Cup victory over Namibia, but lose captain Antoine Dupont to injury.
Darwin Nunez, Luis Diaz and Mohamed Salah score Liverpool come from behind to beat LASK Linz as they make a winning start to their Uefa Europa League campaign
Georgia Hall and Celine Boutier will renew their unbeaten partnership when Europe's Solheim Cup defence gets under way on Friday at Finca Cortesin, Spain.
Sheffield United say they are "devastated" by the death of midfielder Maddy Cusack aged 27.
Before Sunday’s game between Arsenal and Tottenham, BBC Sport remembers a north London derby that had it all.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 5.25%, bringing a run of 14 consecutive rises to an end.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
Some manufacturers have raised concerns that the move to 2035 could put drivers off switching to electric.
Watch what the prime minister has said in the past, and what he's saying now.
The UK may weaken some key green commitments, despite its pledge to reach "net zero" by 2050.
The attack came as Ukraine's president made an unannounced visit to meet Canada's PM in Ottawa.
He says the week since the claims were reported has been "extraordinary and distressing".
Rishi Sunak weighs up a new "British baccalaureate" qualification but no decisions have been taken.
Further evidence emerges that a serious infection can leave some major organs with long-term damage.
Although pay deals are now matching the rising cost of living, household finances are still facing a squeeze.
Party leader Ed Davey says reforming social care is one of the biggest challenges facing the country.
Decarbonising will cost money but some argue in the long run it will boost the economy.
Top Democrats turn on Robert Menendez amid allegations of gold bars and jackets stuffed with cash.
Gareth Roper was killed after being dropped outside an Iceland store with no money or mobile phone.
Jamie-Leigh Kelly, 31, went missing on Tuesday with her baby boy and three-year-old daughter.
The warning comes after a BBC investigation into disruption driven by the social media platform's algorithms.
England hold on against Scotland at Stadium of Light to win their first Women's Nations League match.
Saturday's papers include warnings from two former PMs on claims HS2 could be scaled back - and reports of an all-out smoking ban.
The once-mass market UK music bible NME returns as a premium product with scarcity as a selling point.
The monarch's final day of the state visit to France sees a warmer and more relaxed reception.
The 19-year-old is named as Sudiksha Thirumalesh after legal restrictions are lifted.
With an election looming, politicians are grappling with how to support Ukraine and prioritise national interests.
The 92-year-old businessman changed the face of news worldwide, but it all started at home.
Kazna Asker feels it's difficult to break into fashion without connections or financial backing.
Two schoolboys from Belfast describe how they are dealing with the pain of losing loved ones.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Military officials are disappearing - is this a sign of instability or Xi Jinping's strength?
Brazil's Supreme Court is to vote on decriminalising abortion in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy.
Toddler Theo Jones is in hospital in Portugal after falling ill with a brain virus.
The BBC's Hugh Schofield finds the French public not as interested in the royal visit as parliamentarians.
The singer is the third member of the band to start compulsory military service this year.
Kylie Minogue says she was shocked to see her latest single, Padam Padam, go viral.
Disabled residents in Bristol fear proposed changes to care could see them moved to care homes.
Marine parachuted into a backyard and told emergency services he was OK but not sure where his jet was.
The ex-Fox News anchor appears in a trailer on state-run Rossiya 24 but exact details are not clear.
Although cold is the bigger killer, the ONS says heat-related deaths appear to have increased.
Lamara Bell said "help me get out" when a farmer found her in a car with her dead partner, an inquiry hears.
Delilah is the "loving grandparent figure" among the troop at Belfast Zoo and enjoys morning chats.
BBC Breakfast presenters react to footage showing a bird flying into an unsuspecting man's head.
Prince Alemayehu, who was taken to the UK aged seven, died at 18 after an unhappy upbringing.
Angus Cloud accidentally overdosed on fentanyl, cocaine and methamphetamine, a coroner says.
Dolph Ziggler and Shelton Benjamin are among wrestlers released from their contracts after UFC merger.
A handful of dust from an asteroid streaming through space could tell Nasa how life on Earth began.
Keepers said the twin brothers are developing well and hitting key milestones at the safari park.
Rejoining the EU isn't on the agenda, Sir Ed Davey says as the Lib Dems gather for their annual conference.
Amazon says its Prime Video users will see ads on TV shows and movies unless they pay extra.
Doctors reprogrammed eight-year-old Aditi's immune system so she does not need daily anti-rejection drugs.
The chancellor says the cost of public debt has left him with some "very difficult decisions".
It's 50 years since Wigan Casino hosted the first of its legendary Northern Soul all-nighters.
The revised offer "opens the door" to the deal being cleared, the UK competition watchdog says.
Sharon Travers thanks a passer-by who helped when her wedding car broke down heading to the service.
Surrey Police say the three men are wanted in connection with 32 other burglaries across four counties.
Finding the suspect was not the most difficult part of this arrest in Seattle.
The project will see capacity at the Leavesden facility near London expanding by more than 50%.
The UK's biggest food bank provider says the payments provide only temporary respite before demand returns.
Art comes to the High Street in Ayr in the form of a "Disneyesque horror show".
The dancer says she dreaded the pain of waking up to the hair loss and decided to "take control".
Iceland captain Glodis Viggosdottir heads in the only goal of the game as Wales lose in Reykjavik.
Emiliano Boffelli scores 16 points as Argentina keep their quarter-final hopes alive with victory over Samoa in Saint-Etienne in Pool D.
Europe fight back superbly in Friday's afternoon session to trail 5-3 in the Solheim Cup after the United States won all four of the morning matches.
Wigan Warriors seal the 2023 League Leaders' Shield as they edge out rivals Leigh Leopards on a tense night at Leigh Sports Village.
Europe's Emily Pedersen hits the second hole-in-one in Solheim Cup history on the par-three 12th hole at Finca Cortesin in Spain.
Sweden and Spain players stood together in solidarity before their Uefa Women's Nations League match following the scandal which has engulfed Spanish football.
Ireland face the biggest test of the Andy Farrell era as Saturday's much-anticipated World Cup match against holders South Africa finally arrives.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 5.25%, bringing a run of 14 consecutive rises to an end.
Watch the BBC's Lora Jones tell you five things you can do about your mortgage, in a minute.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
Kyiv says senior officials in Russia's Black Sea fleet were present, but did not offer evidence.
A capsule carrying rocky debris from asteroid Bennu is about to streak through the sky above Utah.
Ukraine’s leader has always been comfortable campaigning for help - now he’s having to negotiate.
More than 20 Spanish girls in the small town of Almendralejo have so far come forward as victims.
Some officers withdraw from duties after a colleague was accused of the murder of an unarmed man.
An octopus with ear-like fins resembling the Disney character was filmed at a depth of more than 1,000 metres.
Hospitalisations have gone up since the summer and a new variant is spreading. Should we be concerned?
Claims against the star have led to discussions about the power dynamic between adults and teens in relationships.
Azerbaijan shows off captured tanks but aid is slow to arrive for thousands sleeping on the streets.
The group set up to drive home insulation and boiler upgrades is a casualty of the PM's green rethink.
Lancashire Constabulary say Alison Dodds suffered multiple injuries before she was found on Thursday.
The actor turns space explorer for his latest mission, which he discussed with BBC Radio 4.
Ireland wrestle control of Pool B with a statement win over holders South Africa in a low scoring but riveting World Cup slugfest in Paris.
Sunday's papers continue to discuss the potential scrapping of a leg of HS2 - and a number of new policies the PM is said to be working on.
An artist wants to capture the whole of St Davids - and he's not stopping there.
An investigation into whether Chilean poet Pablo Neruda was murdered has yet to reach its conclusion.
As tensions with India rise, Canada is calling its friends - but they're not answering.
The descendant of the 19th Century PM urges the UK government to apologise for its part in slavery.
Supporters of Wales and Australia prepare for Rugby World Cup showdown in the French city of Lyon.
At least 10,000 migrants arrived on Italy's Lampedusa island last week, stretching local resources.
Our political editor recaps on a hectic few days and asks what it means for the looming election.
The polling guru says the party is struggling to attract voters who would like to rejoin the EU.
One officer is suspected of drink-driving and other offences after an incident at the Galgorm Hotel.
Police said the victim, in his 40s, was rushed to hospital after being bitten in Pasley Park.
Boy and 11-year-old sister found 200 miles from where they were reported missing by mother.
Greg Lawson, 63, was found guilty of second degree attempted murder in 1991, but fled during his trial.
A family link is traced to Kent for a victim of a World War Two tragedy who was buried in Ayrshire.
Nicola Hughes' father wants the Home Office to back his campaign to honour fallen officers.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says he is angry with Rodri for being sent off in his side's win over Nottingham Forest - but also criticises referee Anthony Taylor for his performance.
Europe and the United States will go into Sunday's 12 Solheim Cup singles matches locked at 8-8 after another enthralling day at Finca Cortesin.
Henry Arundell was the headline-grabbing scorer of five tries, but Marcus Smith's influence might be of longer-lasting significance for England.
Heavyweight Joe Joyce was sensationally stopped in the third round by Zhilei Zhang in London, leaving the Briton's dream of securing a world-title shot in tatters.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker and Danny Murphy discuss why Rasmus Hojlund will be a success for Manchester United after a promising performance in their 1-0 win at Burnley.
Bruno Fernandes' stunning volley against Burnley drew shades of Robin van Persie's strike for Manchester United 10 years ago.
An experimental England side eventually defeat Ireland in the second one-day international at Trent Bridge.
The interest paid on savings is better than anything seen for years, so how can you save when bills are rising?
A capsule carrying debris from asteroid Bennu lands safely in the Utah desert.
It is hoped the material from Bennu could tell Nasa how life on Earth began.
Officers turned in their weapons after a marksman was charged with the murder of an unarmed man.
One officer and three attackers are dead after the gunmen stormed a village near the Serbian border.
The strikes are part of a long-running dispute by union members over pay and conditions.
New Brexit trade rules could push up the price of electric cars, manufacturers warn.
France's president says the ambassador will leave and all military co-operation will end in the coming months.
US gymnastics legend Simone Biles says "there is no room for racism in sport" after footage of a black Irish girl not receiving a medal went viral.
Leader Ed Davey says he wants to focus on building social housing, rather than pledging 380,000 new homes a year.
Police find baby boy and three-year-old girl at address in Essex after five-day search.
A witness raised the alarm after seeing the large animal clutching human remains in a canal.
Wales become the first team to reach the 2023 World Cup quarter-finals as they celebrate a record win over Australia in Lyon.
The Met's request for help from the Army after officers put down their guns is widely reported in Monday's papers.
Rumours swirl around the deaths of other Sikh activists, following Justin Trudeau's bombshell claim.
How British military bomb disposal teams are helping Ukrainian engineers clear Russian minefields.
With bee populations struggling, mechanical pollination may be increasingly needed as a back-up.
Five days of strike action will fall in Freshers' Week for many students.
Businesses and campaigners say they have gravitated towards a party with a sense of optimism.
Penny Kirby and her dogs have found missing hikers and searched for terrorist victims.
Grant Shapps cites Ukraine war costs and a spike in inflation as reasons to weigh up the rail project.
Azerbaijan took full control of the territory in a flash operation, saying it would integrate residents.
Timelapse video captured the weather phenomenon moving across the sky in Caxias do Sul.
Friend also injured by same animal during the Pobla de Farnals festival in the Valencia region.
Ethiopia's Tigst Assefa shatters the women's marathon world record as she wins in Berlin, while Eliud Kipchoge is the men's winner with record fifth victory.
The work by renowned painter Artemisia Gentileschi was left in storage for more than 100 years.
The business group has secured emergency funding from banks after a series of misconduct allegations.
Newcastle match their record Premier League win with a scintillating display as they embarrass winless Sheffield United at Bramall Lane.
Spain's Carlota Ciganda sensationally holes the putt that sees Europe retain the Solheim Cup as they tie 14-14 with the United States in her homeland.
Everything about Tottenham's performance in the 2-2 draw at Arsenal suggests Ange Postecoglou knows the right direction for a club that had lost its way, writes Phil McNulty.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Shay Given and Ian Wright analyse how Newcastle United exposed Sheffield United's defensive frailties in their 8-0 win at Bramall Lane.
Seven tries and missed opportunities, reckless hits and more TMO bunker controversy, Scotland's win over Tonga wasn't perfect but the team are still fighting for World Cup progress.
Watch some of the best shots as Europe retain the Solheim Cup after tying 14-14 with the United States on a thrilling final day at Finca Cortesin in Spain.
The Met will investigate claims of "non-recent" offences from London and elsewhere in the country.
The healthcare regulator has sought urgent assurances over patient safety at Newcastle Hospitals.
Workers are taking more days off due to stress, Covid and the cost-of living crisis, research suggests.
A man who fought for the Waffen-SS was applauded in parliament during a visit by Ukraine's leader.
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. star found fame in the 1960s before later playing a police pathologist on NCIS.
In a rare interview, Spotify boss Daniel Ek talks to the BBC about AI, regulation and Harry and Meghan.
Thousands of pupils will stay at home on day one of Unison's three-day strike in a dispute over pay.
Axing the high-speed rail leg would hit links between Liverpool, Manchester and Leeds, critics say.
Up to 300 officers had stood back from firearms duties after the prosecution of a colleague.
The airport will cancel some flights over the coming week after sickness hits air traffic controllers.
As many have now died from complications as died in the attacks, the Fire Department of New York says.
Authorities responded to a hiker who had fallen from a cliff next the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco.
New claims against comedian Russell Brand and an upcoming speech by the home secretary lead the papers.
Two years ago, the metaverse was billed as the next big thing - but many in the tech world have already moved on.
The race to get back to the moon is fuelling US investment in private sector space firms.
The first named storm of the 2023-24 season is likely to bring some impacts from strong winds and rain.
The high-speed railway between London, the Midlands and North of England could be scaled back.
What are the best ways to make friends, budget, study and look after your mental health at university?
Tony Hawkins has not had bank access since the middle of August as Santander is branded "uncaring".
Five days of strike action will fall in Freshers' Week for many students.
As Sam Bankman-Fried awaits trial for fraud, his former investors wonder if they will ever recoup their losses.
There are calls for both sides to end the doctors' pay row, ahead of joint strike action next week.
Members vote to keep a pledge to build 380,000 homes a year in England, after calls from the Young Liberals group.
The former nurse will stand trial next year on one count of the attempted murder of a baby girl.
The carmaker moves ahead with its plan despite delays to the UK's ban on new petrol and diesel cars.
Despite a tentative deal between writers and studios bosses, UK workers continue to suffer.
The bachelors course at Southeast Technical University in Carlow is due to start in September 2024.
Chances of seeing aurora increase as the Sun nears the peak of its 11-year cycle.
Sian Sexton says she is "still in shock" after a surprise phone call saw her reunited with pet cat Daisy.
The Democratic senator says he kept nearly half a million dollars in cash at home for "emergencies".
Swift attended the game on invitation of Chiefs player Travis Kelce and watched it seated next to his mother.
Andros Townsend says he broke down in tears after a free transfer move to Burnley collapsed over the summer.
Following the publication of the ECB's response to the ICEC report, former England international and broadcaster Ebony Rainford-Brent says cricket can become the most inclusive sport in the country.
Michal Helik's injury-time equaliser earns Darren Moore's Huddersfield a draw at Coventry in his first game as Terriers boss.
Football pundit Jermaine Jenas has apologised for criticising referee Rob Jones saying he "got it wrong".
Sacking Eddie Jones would be "the worst thing" Australia could do despite their troubles at the Rugby World Cup, says former captain Stirling Mortlock.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Train drivers are set to strike again, and London Underground staff are also taking action.
The exodus comes as the Armenian prime minister warns of ethnic cleansing in the region.
The bride and the groom are thought to be among the victims of the blaze, local media reports.
Five Bulgarians were charged after a UK counter-terror investigation uncovered an alleged Russian spy ring.
Donald Trump exaggerated his net worth and asset values to get better loans, a New York judge rules.
The UNHCR denies that the international asylum system is no longer fit for purpose.
The animal interrupts lunch, devouring enchiladas and tacos at Chipinque Ecological Park.
The messaging around vaping may be driving children and teens to take up the habit, says expert.
Walliams files a High Court case against the show's production company following his exit as a judge.
Anthony Rota resigns after praising a 98-year-old Ukrainian who fought for a Nazi unit as a "war hero".
He is the fourth person to be arrested following the death of a child at a New York City nursery.
The actor and rapper, known for rap-battling Eminem in the 2002 film, died at his home on Sunday.
Spain turn on the style in their first match on home soil since winning the Women's World Cup to crush Switzerland in Cordoba.
The UK's largest reported extraterrestrial "encounter" is featured in a new Netflix series.
The BBC gains access to the West African country which is among the world's most deadly for jihadist attacks.
The first named storm of the season, which is set to bring 80mph winds, was first spotted in the Atlantic Ocean.
Sir Ed Davey makes it clear who the Lib Dems are targeting at the general election - but will it work?
Mr Biden joins striking workers in Michigan, telling them they "deserve" wage raises and concessions.
For Ukrainian troops, life on the front line is far from easy, as the BBC's Mark Urban witnessed up close.
A journalist spotted the superstar leaving an American football game with one of the sport's top players.
The first named storm of the 2023-24 season is likely to bring some impacts from strong winds and rain.
James Nokise describes a "surreal trauma" that began when his London to Edinburgh train was halted mid-journey.
Idris Elba, who stars in Cyberpunk 2077: Phantom Liberty, sees a future where films and games converge.
The suave Scot found fame in shows and films like The Man From U.N.C.L.E., The Great Escape and NCIS.
The marriage was solemnised by a priest in Punjab, with the couple performing all traditional rituals.
Asian women are being encouraged to push past cultural stigma and get checked for breast cancer.
Ukraine is "clarifying" its recent reports that Russia's Admiral Sokolov died in a missile attack on Friday.
The Tory MP for Reading West had criticised Rishi Sunak's watering down of key green policies.
Mars says making the bar smaller was "necessary" because of higher costs such as raw materials.
First minister reveals that he's received threats to his physical safety over Wales' new 20mph law.
Hans Niemann was accused of cheating after he beat Norwegian grandmaster Magnus Carlsen last September.
The council leader depicted in the sculpture says he finds the artwork "very amusing".
Video captures the moment a motorcycle burst into flames after a collision with a car.
Spanish prosecutors claim the singer has defrauded the state of more than €6m.
She was well known for detailing her cancer treatment and being open about her past drug addiction.
Video posted on social media shows the two suspects leading the police in a high-speed chase on a highway.
Former Strategic Rail Authority boss says cancelling the leg to Manchester would hurt other projects.
Richard Walker says sorry for alleging shop workers contracted HIV from assaults with infected needles.
England captain Millie Bright says it is "mind-blowing" that the video assistant referee was not used in their Women's Nations League defeat by the Netherlands.
Sophie Howard's header with the last touch of the game against Belgium gives Scotland a dramatic last-ditch draw to secure their first Nations League point.
Championship high-flyers Ipswich Town stun Premier League Wolves as they fight back from two goals down to reach the Carabao Cup fourth round.
Manchester United begin their Carabao Cup title defence with a comfortable 3-0 victory over Crystal Palace at Old Trafford to reach the fourth round.
Jon Rahm has been talking with Ian Poulter and Sergio Garcia in the build-up to this week's Ryder Cup despite their ineligibility for the contest.
Ben Duckett makes an unbeaten century but England are denied the chance to post a huge total as the third ODI against Ireland is abandoned because of rain.
Sophie Howard's late goal earns Scotland a point against Belgium in the Women's Nations League. (UK only)
It was hoped video would increase transparency in policing, but BBC has uncovered 150 reports of failings.
Dan Wootton and Laurence Fox have been suspended over insults against Ava Evans on Wootton's show.
A teenage boy has been arrested after the girl was stabbed on her way to school in south London.
Party drops promise to remove some charity tax perks but says it will implement VAT on fees.
Survivors of the inferno which killed nearly 100 people describe what happened as the fire took hold.
The loss of Britain's wildlife is outpacing efforts to conserve and protect nature, a major report reveals.
People suspected of sexual offences will be given anonymity unless they are charged under new rules.
The prime minister says it was a mistake that "deeply embarrassed parliament and Canada".
The chatbot's knowledge previously only included data up to September 2021, but not any more.
At Meta's first in-person event since before the pandemic, Mark Zuckerberg announced his AI plans.
The elusive substance holds the key to discovering how the Universe was formed.
Elwyn Lloyd-Jones has not spoken to his son for more than a year and blames a Buddhist group.
Supply is more secure this year suggesting less pressure on the network, the electricity system operator says.
The killing of a 15-year-old girl in south London and an investigation by HMRC lead the papers.
The UK has an underinvestment crisis - our future prosperity depends on this changing.
The pop star shares, for the first time, the traumatic story behind her second album.
The PM is accused of recklessness after a new oil field is approved but he says he is being pragmatic.
A Nazi-era law in Germany jails those who can't pay public transport fares. Arne buys their freedom.
Two queens from RuPaul's latest line-up describe growing up in Poland and the United States.
Regulators have approved the development of a controversial oil field in the North Sea.
Every hour, the number of people fleeing Nagorno-Karabakh climbs even further.
Hugh shows the BBC where he goes to use drugs as the UK's first consumption room was approved.
They claim governments' slow action on climate change violates their human rights.
The 23-year-old soldier was transferred into US custody in China after being deported from North Korea.
Athletes Ricardo Dos Santos and Bianca Williams were pulled over and searched by Met officers.
The current and former presidents are wooing striking auto workers in Michigan ahead of 2024 battle.
A woman is treated in hospital, as Storm Agnes brings heavy rain and strong winds to Northern Ireland.
Some staff at University Hospitals Birmingham say they feared complaining would only make things worse.
Greenwich Council made the order after they found at least 26 breaches of the agreed plans.
The retailer admits sizing needs to be more consistent after its new returns fee sparks a backlash.
Private Tony Harrison, 21, was killed in 1991 in east Belfast while he was at home with his fiancée.
Aston Villa's women's players are "dreading" their first match of the WSL season because of the club's "clingy" shirts, says Jacqui Oatley.
Jorge Vilda - the former head coach of Spain's World Cup-winning side - is being investigated as part of the criminal case against Luis Rubiales.
Eddie Howe says his Newcastle side want to "go one better" than last season's runners-up finish in the Carabao Cup after beating Manchester City to advance.
Cody Gakpo, Dominik Szoboszlai and Diogo Jota score as Liverpool come from behind to beat Leicester in the Carabao Cup.
Rangers maintain their status as favourites to win the Viaplay Cup after a convincing victory over Livingston sets up a semi-final with Hearts.
Andrew Flintoff is set be involved in England's coaching set-up again in the future, says limited-overs head coach Matthew Mott.
Manchester United will face Newcastle in the Carabao Cup fourth round in a repeat of last season's final.
Mauricio Pochettino says Chelsea's victory over Brighton in the third round of the Carabao Cup 'must be' the turning point of their season.
Watch highlights from the Rugby World Cup as Uruguay fight back in the second half to beat Namibia 36-26 and deny them their first win in the tournament.
Elianne Andam's family visit the site where she died and say they are "overwhelmed by sorrow and grief".
The actor, a four-time Bafta award winner, was best-known for playing Dumbledore in the hit film series.
A 14-year-old girl and her mother are among victims after attacks in two locations in the Dutch city.
The Sycamore Gap tree was cut down overnight in what police believe was an act of vandalism.
Young people born using a sperm or egg donor will soon be able to find the identity of their parents
The mother of a black girl not given a medal at a gymnastics event said officials showed "no empathy".
Watchdog considers if Laurence Fox's comments broke offence rules, as the presenter apologises.
Khue Luu helped track down the vehicle after receiving a distress call about the lorry in France.
Five officers deny breaching standards during a stop and search of Bianca Williams and her partner.
Taxi driver George Murdoch was brutally murdered in Aberdeen in 1983 and his killer has not been caught.
Ulf Kristersson says "everything is on the table" after three people are killed in 12 hours.
The claims are contained in newly surfaced court documents filed by the estranged wife of Cher's son.
The "most successful podcast in British history" is the first into the British Podcast Awards' Hall of Fame.
A look back at the work of the award-winning star of stage and screen
The parents of Claire Inglis want to know why a violent offender was bailed to her address.
The East African nation has pledged 1,000 officers but many question their suitability.
Pressure builds as Israeli closures over border violence hit Palestinian workers.
Two years after being thrashed by the US at Whistling Straits a new-look Europe have their opportunity for redemption in Rome in the 44th Ryder Cup.
After well known North East tree was chopped down, people share their memories of the landmark.
Rishi Sunak ran the gauntlet of back-to-back interviews with BBC Local Radio stations.
The guidance has been issued following a review into BBC presenters' social media.
Rishi Sunak declines to say whether he agrees with his home secretary that multiculturalism has failed.
Moscow's culture ministry says Barbie is "not in line" with Russian values. Cinemagoers don't seem to mind.
The owner of the Mucky Duck says she is "lost for words" as the repairs would cost her £200k.
Speculation is mounting the government could delay or scrap the second leg of the line to Manchester.
The company says it is shedding the staff because it's spending "way more" than it earns
The top US diplomat surprised guests at the Global Music Diplomacy Initiative when he took the stage.
The boy, 15, text his mum after the incident at Tewkesbury Academy saying 'goodbye forever'.
Party drops promise to remove some charity tax perks but says it will implement VAT on fees.
The ice fields have lost as much volume in two years as they did in three decades from 1960 to 1990.
There has been a 28% rise in students not completing degrees in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The typical rate for a five-year mortgage has fallen to 5.99% after interest rates were held.
It comes after people were paid to use less electricity last year to prevent supply issues.
Six women were rescued from a lorry on Wednesday after a BBC journalist helped alert French police.
Europe's Ludvig Aberg is thrust straight into Ryder Cup action by being paired with Viktor Hovland in Friday's opening session against the United States.
England reach the quarter-finals of the Rugby World Cup thanks to a Japan win over Samoa which boosts the Brave Blossoms' own knockout chances.
Liverpool owners FSG agree to sell a minority stake in the club worth between £82m and £164m to Dynasty Equity.
Surrey retain the County Championship title after rivals Essex fail to get any batting points against Northamptonshire.
Napoli say they "never meant to offend or mock" Victor Osimhen in a social media post but stop short of publicly apologising to him.
It is 30 years since the United States last won a Ryder Cup contest in Europe. As the two sides face each other in Rome, BBC Sport looks back at Europe's dominance over their past six home meetings.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on Sumotherhood star Jazzie Zonzolo for this weekend's Premier League games.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
The price cap which sets typical annual household energy bills is falling slightly from October.
Duane "Keffe D" Davis is accused of planning the rapper's shooting after decades of mystery.
Duane "Keffe D" Davis has been charged with the rapper's 1996 Las Vegas murder.
Police make a second arrest over the cutting-down of the world-famous Hadrian's Wall tree.
PM says measures like 20mph zones should not be forced on drivers but Labour accuses him of hypocrisy.
Three other passengers were treated at the scene of the incident at Aviemore station in the Highlands.
Experts are optimistic of detecting life signs on a faraway world within our lifetimes - possibly in the next few years.
Jessica Baker was a passenger on the coach that struck a reservation on the motorway in the Wirral.
Aslef union members will walk out in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
In response to the "current situation", the UK sends troops to join Nato peacekeepers Kfor in Kosovo.
Experts say the findings could lead to "enormous change" in the way the treatment is delivered.
Scott Hall has agreed to a plea deal that requires him to testify in the election interference case.
Subway systems in New York City have flooded and a terminal at LaGuardia Airport is closed.
Aaron Smith scores a 33-minute hat-trick as New Zealand thrash Italy in Pool A to move to the cusp of the World Cup quarter-finals.
Several of Saturday's papers lead on political news ahead of the start of the Tory Party conference this week.
Is sharing opportunities more equally across the four nations the key to securing the union's future?
Members of the public have been sharing memories of the 300-year-old tree in Northumberland, after it was cut down this week.
As the singer releases her debut studio album she reflects using humour to reset the narrative.
The prime minister wants more students to study maths and English until the age of 18.
There are fears dog shelters will struggle to cope following the announcement of the American bully XL ban.
Why did crime across Luton go down as its football club went up to the Premier League?
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The BBC's Mohamed Osman writes about his emotional return after war forced him to flee.
Hui Ka Yan, the founder of a crisis-hit Chinese property giant, is under police surveillance.
Disability Rights UK deletes a post which accused the government of "murderous ableist policies".
The IOC say hijabs will be allowed inside the athletes' village at next year's Olympics, despite hosts France banning their team members from wearing them.
Aston Villa boss says her players have concerns over the club's shirts but will have to wear them for their WSL opener against Manchester United on Sunday.
Karen Farquharson, 49, was told to "get on with it" after being off work ill due to her symptoms.
Scientists have successfully adapted the haricot variety so it can be grown in British soil.
The US singer has lodged her first legal response against harassment claims made by her ex-dancers.
A former employee told the BBC there was a lack of responsibility over a new computer system.
As the cost of living rises nearly half of universities now promote part-time jobs on their websites.
Europe hold a "sensational" 6½-1½ lead over the United States after a stunning Ryder Cup opening day in Rome.
An historic undisputed heavyweight fight between champions Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk has been "signed", according to Queensbury Promotions.
Watch some of the best shots from day one of the Ryder Cup, featuring Tyrrell Hatton, Max Homa, Rory McIlroy, Rickie Fowler and three from Jon Rahm.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag says Premier League players cannot cope with the demands placed on them as injuries mount up.
Illness "spreading" through the United States Ryder Cup team has contributed to their 6½-1½ deficit to Europe after the opening day in Rome, says captain Zach Johnson.
Players are "scared" and "worried" at the raft of anterior cruciate knee ligament injuries in women's football, says Birmingham City's Siobhan Wilson.
Manchester United's Brazilian winger Antony is to return to training after allegations of domestic abuse were made against him.
The price cap which sets typical annual household energy bills is falling slightly from October.
A bill to keep the government funded for 45 days, but including no aid for Ukraine, looks set to pass the Senate.
Rishi Sunak arrives in Manchester for his party's annual meeting but faces pressure over tax cuts and HS2.
Richard Walker had tried to become a Tory MP but has quit the party on the eve of the annual conference.
South Yorkshire Police say the arrests are part of its investigation into alleged public order offences.
The annual energy bill for a typical household falls on Sunday but is high by historical standards.
A space enthusiast in Kathmandu, Nepal films the spectacle with his mobile phone through a telescope.
PGMOL admits the decision to disallow Luis Diaz's goal in Liverpool's 2-1 defeat at Spurs was "a significant human error".
Stephen Shrimpton and passenger Jessica Baker, 15, died when the coach overturned, police say.
Stephen Pennington, 35, has links to Blackburn, Blackpool and Wigan, police say.
Europe need four points from Sunday's 12 singles matches against the United States to regain the Ryder Cup after a scintillating Saturday in Rome.
But populist Robert Fico could still win the election, ending military support for Ukraine.
The comedian's wife says the issues are the "most significant" symptom of his Parkinson's disease.
Politics leads several of the Sunday papers on the day the Conservative Party conference begins.
As bear attacks rise in Japan's sparsely populated villages, robot wolves have become a solution.
A Belarusian is released despite giving a detailed account of disappearing opposition members.
Once a desolate rock, the island of Redonda is now a protected area bursting with biodiversity.
Linda Sharp made her own wetsuit out of rubber gloves, a rugby shirt and jeans when she started.
Whether it's shifting green targets or a HS2 wobble, there is political cost to PM's changes, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Vivienne Westwood's widower chose clothes she wore and made over 30 years for the brand's new collection.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The second round of public hearings examining the UK's handling of the pandemic starts on 3 October.
The South West event is considerably more expensive than other festivals that have released prices.
Enfield council launched reintroduction programme in 2022 to bring beavers back to the capital.
Jody Cundy says the "mental part" of dancing was "getting me".
Experts say the findings could lead to "enormous change" in the way the treatment is delivered.
Police in Slovakia have fined a man after a dog was pictured in the driving seat of his Skoda.
A tea-drinking motorist is fined £100 after being caught on camera driving on the M6 in Cheshire last year.
Aslef union members are walking out in a long-running dispute over pay and conditions.
Rampant Scotland run in 12 tries to thrash Romania 84-0 and set up a potential Pool B shootout with Ireland at the Rugby World Cup.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag says he is concerned by his side's start to the season after they lose at home to Crystal Palace.
Match of the Day pundits Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer and Micah Richards discuss the controversial VAR decisions which ruled out Luis Diaz's goal and saw Curtis Jones sent off for Liverpool against Tottenham.
British cruiserweight Jordan Thompson's world-title challenge ends in a brutal fourth round stoppage loss to IBF and Ring Magazine champion Jai Opetaia In London.
England complete their preparations for the inaugural WXV tournament with a 29-12 victory over a Canada side reduced to 14 in the first half.
Manchester City suffer their first Premier League defeat of the season as Wolves get a shock win at Molineux.
A Dutch-top flight match between RKC Waalwijk and Ajax is abandoned after the home goalkeeper Etienne Vaessen is knocked unconscious.
The PM says his focus is easing living costs, amid Tory unrest on day one of the party's conference.
The move will affect two million of the lowest-paid workers, the chancellor will tell the Tory conference.
Three-day joint walkout by junior doctors and consultants begins on Monday as pay dispute escalates.
Turkey conducts air strikes in northern Iraq, hours after a suicide blast hit the interior ministry in Ankara.
Rock band U2 headline the new ball-shaped venue as it finally opens its doors to the public.
The show at London's Old Vic Theatre will feature songs which were played on the day of the concert.
BBC Africa Eye speaks to more than 30 witnesses about a network of abuse that continued for decades.
Health officials are encouraging anyone eligible to get jabs to protect against Covid and flu.
Dale Houghton, 31, from Rotherham, will appear in court on Monday and faces a football banning order.
The price rise comes as Royal Mail seeks to cover higher delivery costs while letter numbers fall.
Jessica Baker, 15, and driver Stephen Shrimpton died when the school coach overturned.
Michael Beale has been sacked as Rangers manager after slipping seven points behind Celtic after seven games of the season.
The comedy writer tells a free speech debate his views on gender have made it hard to find places to speak.
Policy announcements and political intrigue emanating from the Tory conference dominate Monday's papers.
Craig Black has been to the World Cup not because of his football talents, but because of his art.
A growing number of individuals are using apps to block access to social media and the internet.
Taylor Swift fans flock to the NFL thanks to her rumoured romance with star footballer Travis Kelce.
The artefact was stolen from an indigenous community in Canada. This is the story of its homecoming.
Government shutdowns have become a frequent - and protracted - uniquely American problem.
Comedian Katherine Ryan tells Radio 4 it was a difficult decision to work with a man she considered "dangerous".
The actor was best known for his roles in Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Channel 4 drama GBH.
The Oscar-winning actor has faced criticism for playing Israel's first female PM Golda Meir in a new film.
About 350 people gathered on Sunday to remember the 15-year-old schoolgirl who was fatally stabbed.
A huge fire tears through two disused buildings in the French city, with flames and smoke rising high into the sky.
Space enthusiast in Kathmandu, Nepal and the US state of Colorado filmed the spectacle.
Polystyrene cups and balloon sticks are also banned in England as part of efforts to cut waste.
Chris Heaton-Harris addresses unionist concerns as a new system for post-Brexit trade is implemented.
Europe's players want Luke Donald to remain their Ryder Cup captain after regaining Ryder Cup with a 16½-11½ victory over the United States in Rome.
Liverpool have released a statement saying VAR's error in the defeat to Tottenham has undermined sporting integrity.
Watch key moments as Europe regain the Ryder Cup with victory over the United States in Rome.
Miri Taylor's second-half strike gives Liverpool a surprise 1-0 Women's Super League win at Arsenal in front of 54,115 fans.
Rory McIlroy says Europe were given "extra fire in their bellies" to seal Ryder Cup victory by the "disrespect" shown by American caddie Joe LaCava.
Simone Biles becomes the first woman to execute a Yurchenko double pike vault on her return to the World Gymnastics Championships in Antwerp.
Jermaine Jenas feels Nottingham Forest are still a work in progress under Steve Cooper but he is convinced they will stay clear of the relegation battle.
Train drivers are set to strike again, and London Underground staff are also taking action.
An organised network recruited men for sex with Abercrombie & Fitch’s then-CEO - BBC investigation.
The Californian Mike Jeffries had a clear vision when he took over - "We go after the cool kids."
Images and video shared online show the sky to the north-west of Oxford light up with flames.
Downing Street continues to insist no final decision on the high-speed rail link to Manchester has been made.
Matt Gaetz files bid to oust Kevin McCarthy as Speaker of US House, setting up a vote within 48 hours.
The new space observatory sees pairs of Jupiter-sized objects floating free between the stars.
Some 4,500 women were fitted with coils as part of attempts to limit the territory's population.
The ex-president lambasts a case that could see him lose control of Trump Tower and other properties.
The Secretary General says further investment in oil is needed to meet rising global energy demand.
The owner of the fast-food brand says there are "no new updates" on its pledge to leave Russia.
Competition among supermarkets led to the first monthly drop in food prices since 2021, an industry body says.
A mother tells BBC Spotlight she fears her son could die waiting for life changing surgery
Fondly called 'Stoneman Willie,' the mummy is an icon in the history of Reading, Pennsylvania.
Concerns over the HS2 rail project's future dominate Tuesday's front pages.
More than 130,000 migrants have entered Italy this year. Many try to head further into Europe.
BBC Weather's Helen Willetts takes a look at the temperatures for the week ahead.
The company's new VR headset retails at $499 - but can Mark Zuckerberg stop it making me nauseous?
Can the sport capitalise on its record-breaking interest to address some of the problems players face?
The national living wage is expected to go up next April, boosting two million people's pay.
BBC Sport looks at key questions around the VAR incident involving Tottenham and Liverpool and what impact the technology has had on the game.
The firm says a bug in its operating system and updates to apps like Instagram are behind the issue.
Deals are in place to make 100 million doses of the vaccine each year to fight the complex disease.
Dale Houghton was pictured laughing as he brandished the image during a match against Sunderland.
Rachel Maclean defends plans to strengthen renters’ rights at the Conservative Party conference.
Ricardo Dos Santos and Bianca Williams were stopped by police in west London in July 2020.
Sheffield's Streets Ahead programme aimed to fell 17,500 street trees, leading to sustained protest.
The singer tells Radio 1's Live Lounge best friend Madison Hu was the "muse" for Guts song Logical.
Stunning cell phone video captured a meteorological phenomenon: lightning beside a double rainbow.
Former Manchester City and England striker Francis Lee dies at the age of 79.
The alleged leader is accused of illegally harvesting kidneys from more than 300 people in Pakistan.
Temperatures through September were well above average following a heatwave early in the month.
Mykhaylo Mudryk scores his first Chelsea goal as the Blues beat Fulham to climb to 11th in the Premier League.
Sir Jim Ratcliffe's Ineos Group is considering whether to offer to buy a minority stake in Manchester United in an effort to break the impasse over the ownership situation.
Francis Lee will be regarded as one of the most important figures in the history of Manchester City, writes BBC Sport's Phil McNulty.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his seventh Team of the Week?
Former Liverpool defender Jamie Carragher says the situation surrounding the video assistant referee "is at crisis point" after Luis Diaz's disallowed goal in the defeat at Tottenham.
BBC Sport looks back at the career of former Manchester City and England striker Francis Lee who has died aged 79.
England finalise their preparation for their 50-over World Cup defence with a four-wicket win over Bangladesh in Guwahati.
Train drivers are set to strike again, and London Underground staff are also taking action.
Rishi Sunak is expected to set out alternative projects in his Conservative Party conference speech on Wednesday.
The bus carrying tourists to a campsite crashes off an overpass in the Mestre district.
The UK and Nato say ammunition production must be ramped up so Ukraine can defend itself against Russia.
Sir Patrick Vallance writes of No 10 "chaos as usual" in diary extracts released to the Covid inquiry.
France is alarmed as "les punaises", as they're known in French, spread fear and loathing.
The PGMOL releases the audio recordings between the match officials for Liverpool forward Luis Diaz's disallowed goal against Tottenham.
Charlotte Sena, 9, was located after a round-the-clock hunt aided by the suspect's ransom note.
The home secretary pledges tougher action on small boats in a hard-hitting Tory conference speech.
Police say another man, in his 50s, has been taken to hospital with "serious injuries".
Garry Jones sabotaged hummus and salad dressings with rubber gloves and ring pulls.
Dish Network will have to pay $150,000 for failing to move an old satellite far enough away from the Earth.
Their getaway car was stranded halfway up a police vehicle after their escape was blocked.
Wednesday's papers largely reflect on the home secretary's Conservative Party Conference speech.
The BBC's analysis editor examines the first ever criminal prosecution of a sitting US president's child.
Half-eaten food at abandoned positions reveals how fast Karabakh Armenians lost control to Azerbaijan.
What is it like living and working on the Whitesands in Dumfries where problems go back centuries?
Japan offers same-sex couples no clear legal protection, leaving them feeling nearly invisible.
How did conspiracy theories about 15-minute cities go mainstream?
The 17-year-old was run over after she fell off her bike when a man pulled her scarf.
Fraudulent training for security staff employed to keep people safe has been uncovered by the BBC.
Industry heavyweights behind Doja Cat and Jonas Brothers hits say AI doesn't have to be a threat.
The London Underground walkouts scheduled for 4 and 6 October will no longer go ahead.
A 14-year-old is held on suspicion of opening fire at the iconic Siam Paragon mall in the Thai capital.
It comes after a BBC investigation reported allegations that Mike Jeffries exploited men for sex at events he hosted.
The boy, who cannot be named, ran over and killed Marcia Grant in Sheffield when he was 12.
Firefighters inspect the smouldering remains of the recycling plant that exploded after a lightning strike.
Easy life say they are "certain" it has never affected the easyGroup's business.
Health Secretary promises consultation on NHS constitution, calling for a "common-sense" approach.
The president's son faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted of three federal criminal charges.
The fast fashion firm plans to make cost savings after predicting a big fall in sales.
The video sharing site is looking into charging a fee of around $4.99 to get rid of ads.
Harry Maddox created the sculpture in an hour while he waited for his wife to go to the supermarket.
Government decisions in the pandemic's early days will be scrutinised as the Covid inquiry continues.
A note on a Home Office data release questions whether some of the figures should be released.
A boy, 12, and a man were struck by lightning at a school football tournament in Hertfordshire.
A US watchdog cited a risk of crashes causing serious injuries, and the firm confirmed the global recall.
Jade Ward's family welcome the change to strip parental rights from people who kill their partners.
Homes of journalists working for NewsClick, a website critical of the government, were searched.
Ten-man Manchester United throw away the lead twice as they fall to a 3-2 home defeat by Galatasaray in the Champions League.
Elye Wahi stars as French side Lens come from behind to shock Arsenal in their Champions League Group B encounter.
Jude Bellingham scores and assists as Real Madrid battle to a 3-2 victory against Napoli at Stadio Diego Armando Maradona in the Champions League.
Burnley manager Vincent Kompany says it "felt great" and was "very proud" of his side after they beat Luton for a first league win of the season.
Watch as Seattle Seahawks' Devon Witherspoon intercepts Daniel Jones' pass to score a 97-yard touchdown in a 24-3 win over the New York Giants.
England interim head coach Louis Deacon says losing the World Cup final was "devastating", but they have some "great memories" as they head to New Zealand for the inaugural WXV tournament.
Former Chelsea and Everton manager Frank Lampard is interested in replacing Michael Beale at Rangers.
Conservative conference attendees bat around ideas for changing Parliament's upper chamber.
The former UKIP leader has been welcomed with open arms by right-wing Tories in Manchester.
Checking Conservative conference claims on HS2, inflation, defence spending, fracking and more.
Andrew Boff said he was removed for challenging the Home Secretary on her gender ideology views.
I'm speaking for you, the deputy Conservative chair tells Tories as he questions ADHD diagnoses and poverty.
The PM's supporters will be hoping the uncertainty surrounding HS2 won't be what lingers in the public's mind.
A Conservative activist tells the BBC why she's wearing a ''Tory scum'' badge.
The BBC asks young Conservatives gathering at the party conference they'd do if they were prime minister for a day.
In his first speech as leader to Tory conference, the PM also makes pledges on smoking ban and new post-16 qualifications.
The prime minister is trying to grab the political initiative and redefine his message to the electorate.
The presenters are fired following a row over sexist comments Fox made about a female journalist.
The evening performance, in London's West End, was halted and did not resume.
When a property goes up for rent there are typically 25 people competing for a viewing, Rightmove says.
His bodyweight has risen nearly 7,000%, but does "806 Jr" have what it takes to win Fat Bear Week?
At a summit in Spain, Europe's leaders will discuss how to lower irregular migration to the continent.
The former crypto billionaire is accused of "one of the biggest financial frauds in US history".
A rights group alleges Armita Geravand, 16, was attacked on Tehran's metro for not wearing a hijab.
The 2030 World Cup will be held across Uruguay, Argentina, Paraguay, Spain, Portugal and Morocco, Fifa confirms.
Measure aims to ensure children of today would not be able to buy cigarettes in future.
Things got too close for comfort when police received this call about an animal in distress.
A judge says the star does not need to pay $500,000 to a woman after her dogs were stolen in 2021.
With the House in limbo, the odds of approving aid for Ukraine or avoiding a shutdown have fallen.
Punjabi musicians fear they will be caught in the middle of rising tensions between India and Canada.
China is flexing its military muscles short of a full-blown war - and that is part of the strategy.
The new Netflix documentary, Beckham, gives us an insight into the life of one of the most iconic English footballers of all-time.
Paris correspondent Hugh Schofield searched for the insect in the French capital as infestations soar.
The 24-year-old says she is upset a clip of the mauling has been viewed by thousands on social media.
The former crypto billionaire is accused of "one of the biggest financial frauds in US history".
Train drivers walk out again on Wednesday, but action by London Underground staff has been suspended.
Jacqueline Long found rat traps and holes "big enough for cats" upon moving into her rented home.
Nepal has spent millions constructing a new airport in hopes of boosting tourism - but no-one is coming.
Removing a House Speaker like this is uncharted territory. Here's what we know about where things go.
Flowers, cards and teddies are laid at the spot where the 15-year-old was killed a week ago.
Jack Benham and Sian Hedges are accused of murdering 18-month-old Alfie Phillips during lockdown.
Three children including a baby are among the 21 dead after a bus plunged off a flyover.
Jaysley Beck, 19, is thought to have taken her own life after harassment in the Army, a report seen by BBC News says.
Roly Bardsley said plans for the high speed route through his property created a decade of hell.
Hospital worker Fred Leparan attempted to sell a baby boy to an undercover BBC reporter.
Brian Morrison's MG ZS EV had a malfunction near Glasgow and had to crash into a police van to stop.
The four officers received a settlement from Police Scotland after they were told to shave their facial hair.
Police have launched a murder investigation after Ian Langley, 54, was attacked and killed.
Bradley, eight, was out playing with a friend when they picked up the firework which blew up.
A 23-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit arson with intent.
Newcastle United and the Toon Army waited two decades for a Champions League night like this and it was worth every day, writes Phil McNulty.
Julian Alvarez scores a fantastic late winner as Manchester City recover from back-to-back defeats to beat Leipzig in the Champions League.
Celtic endure late heartbreak as Pedro's 95th-minute winner consigned the Scottish champions to another Champions League defeat.
The World Cup is far from perfect and may even be 50-over cricket's fight for survival, but it should still be a superb tournament, says Stephan Shemilt.
Watch Simone Biles' floor routine as she leads the USA to their seventh consecutive team gold at the World Gymnastics Championships in Antwerp.
Newcastle United welcome Champions League football back to St James' Park in style as Paris St-Germain were overpowered in a highly charged atmosphere.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says a replay of the match against Tottenham "would be the right thing" after Luis Diaz's goal was wrongly disallowed.
Rishi Sunak is taking an economic risk by spending money on everyday transport upgrades instead of a grand project.
Banning smoking, building roads and hailing Thatcher - Sunak's Tory conference speech broken down.
North leaders have reacted angrily to plans to axe high speed rail between Birmingham and Manchester.
Checking Conservative conference claims on HS2, inflation, defence spending, fracking and more.
A billionaire's daughter and fashion designer who has divided her life between three continents.
The prime minister wants more students to study maths and English until the age of 18.
It comes after the section of the HS2 high-speed train line between Birmingham and Manchester was scrapped.
After a year in office, the prime minister is attempting to change his image ahead of an election.
Rishi Sunak says too many people of working age are deemed unfit for work and that must change.
Some big themes have emerged as the party builds its manifesto ahead of the next general election.
The attack in the Kharkiv region is described as one of the area's "bloodiest crimes".
Jaswant Singh Chail is the first person to be sentenced for treason in the UK for more than 40 years.
A long-running internal party feud is putting an increasing dent in Labour's general election funds.
This year is on track to be the warmest on record after September temperatures alarm scientists.
Video from the Italian fire brigade shows smoke at Marco Simone Golf and Country Club.
The military says 'terrorist' drones targeted the event at a military academy near the city of Homs.
US officials say they are legally obligated to move ahead with a new section the southern border wall.
The driver of the coach was seen slumped at the wheel before it crashed, a court hears.
AI-powered facial recognition has been used in real time by police forces and private companies.
Catherine Hudson gave pills to patients, including Aileen Scott, to "keep them quiet", a court is told.
If the money cannot be raised then passengers travelling to and from central London will have to change.
Art meets science as Prada designers help create the spacesuits for the 2025 Moon mission.
Although uncomfortable, bedbug bites are not typically dangerous and are often easily dealt with.
Calls are made for moves to keep cows that graze near residential properties under better control.
A selection of finalists in this year's Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards 2023.
With the House in limbo, the odds of approving aid for Ukraine or avoiding a shutdown have fallen.
At a summit in Spain, Europe's leaders will discuss how to lower irregular migration to the continent.
A looming referendum on whether to elevate First Nations voices is forcing the county to examine its past.
Evidence suggests voice cloning tools were used to impersonate the ex-president of Sudan on TikTok.
The prime minister is trying to grab the political initiative and redefine his message to the electorate.
Punjabi musicians fear they will be caught in the middle of rising tensions between India and Canada.
The Swedish Academy rewards his "innovative plays and prose which gives voice to the unsayable".
Ashley Dale was killed in Liverpool after a feud between two groups at the festival, a court hears.
Racism meant ethnic-minority doctors felt unable to challenge poor PPE, the Covid inquiry hears.
However, the total number of hate crimes has fallen in the past 12 months in England and Wales.
Commander, a two-year-old German Shepherd, has been involved in a series of biting incidents.
Parts of the central London pedestrian crossing are beginning to degrade and need replacing.
Historic England says damage to the ancient wall was found after the Sycamore Gap tree was cut down.
There were "real concerns" over security and public safety, the Metropolitan Police says.
The Labour leader says Rishi Sunak has "taken a wrecking ball" to the multi-billion pound project.
England's defence of their World Cup title begins with a nine-wicket hammering at the hands of New Zealand in Ahmedabad.
Michelle Hadaway said former BBC reporter Martin Bashir had lost clothes belonging to her daughter Karen.
Its shares sank by as much as a third in early trading, after reports it needs to raise £600m.
Things got too close for comfort when police received this call about an animal in distress.
Summer signing Ryan Gravenberch scores his first Liverpool goal in a 2-0 win over Union Saint-Gilloise in the Europa League.
England's thrashing at the hands of New Zealand is a worry, but there are reasons not to lose hope on their World Cup defence just yet.
New Zealand book their spot in the World Cup quarter-finals with an 11-try hammering of Uruguay.
West Ham won their second Europa League match after resisting a second-half fightback to beat Freiburg.
England's defence of their World Cup title begins with a nine-wicket hammering at the hands of New Zealand in Ahmedabad, India.
England manager Gareth Southgate points to the VAR experience being negative for match-going fans.
Joao Pedro scores a late penalty as Brighton fight back from two goals down to earn their first point in European football.
In his first speech as leader to Tory conference, the PM also makes pledges on smoking ban and new post-16 qualifications.
Rishi Sunak is taking an economic risk by spending money on everyday transport upgrades instead of a grand project.
The BBC finds that there have been a record number of days in 2023 that breached the 1.5C temperature limit.
A 36-year-old man is accused of soliciting to murder and incitement to kidnap.
A visual guide to the progress made on one of the most expensive rail projects in the world.
Businessman Dale Vince says the group's tactics have become "counterproductive" for the green cause.
American Simone Biles becomes the most decorated gymnast in history after winning her second gold medal at the World Gymnastics Championships.
Schools in England will receive less than they expected after an accounting error is uncovered.
North Yorkshire Council say they will return to complete the work at a later date.
The rapper said he might take "a year or something" away from music, in part to address stomach issues.
Ankara vows to continue targeting Kurdish groups but the US calls for more coordination between the Nato allies.
Lady Cathy Ferguson, the wife of former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson, dies aged 84.
The Epsom and Ewell MP and former Transport Secretary says he will step down at the next election.
Police cameras capture the moment a driver loses control of his car on the M25 at night.
Colorado officials say the captured 400-lbs Fred is "always hungry" and "loves his belly scratches".
Saturday's headlines include reports on the alleged plot to kill Holly Willoughby as well as as pledges from Labour ahead of its conference.
Interior Minister Ihor Klymenko says every family in Hroza has been affected by Thursday's missile strike.
The new party leader faced his first electoral test and things did not go well, writes the BBC's Philip Sim.
Bosses say there are no concerns about its finances after reports it was looking to raise millions.
People found not guilty of crimes say winning their freedom has left them financially devastated.
The case of Jaswant Singh Chail raises questions about the safety of AI-powered chatbots.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
People with the condition say they face uncertain times as their supplies run out or run low.
It resulted in an encounter that lasted several hours before the Philippine ships turned back.
The Grammy nominees were hand-picked to support Taylor Swift, but things weren't always so easy.
Fans are watching the threads after the rapper flashed an oddly-Belfast inspired fit on social media.
Emily Hunt says her own experiences of abuse and the UK courts have pushed her to leave for the US.
Mustafa Momand, 17, was stabbed to death in Brighton on Thursday, prompting a murder inquiry.
Narges Mohammadi is currently serving a 10-year sentence in Iran's notorious Evin prison.
Images shared by Israeli police show the two ancient Roman sculptures lying broken on the floor.
Autumn Variations divided the critics but fans are all still firmly behind the singer-songwriter.
Common 'long cold' symptoms people reported include a cough, stomach pain, and diarrhoea.
The My AI feature could be shut down in the UK following an initial investigation by the data watchdog.
The ex-children's commissioner in England says most senior officials did not put children first.
An amber rain warning is in place for Scotland, while warm weather is forecast in other parts of the UK.
Government officials meet as teachers refuse to work following the latest reported infestation.
Rhun ap Iorwerth says Plaid Cymru is for everyone in Wales, at his first conference as party leader.
The Green co-leaders tell their conference the move would combat climate change and lower bills.
The UK's biggest mortgage lender says prices are still falling, but the rate of reduction has slowed.
Hosts France cruise to top spot in Pool A at the Rugby World Cup as they beat Italy, and will face one of South Africa, Ireland or Scotland in the quarter-finals.
Substitute Cloe Lacasse scores to salvage a dramatic draw for Arsenal at Manchester United in the Women's Super League.
Max Verstappen storms to pole position at the Qatar Grand Prix with his first run in the final qualifying session.
Sam Tomkins delivers the clutch try to take Catalans Dragons back to Old Trafford and end St Helens' hold on the Super League title.
BBC Scotland's chief sports writer Tom English previews the task facing Scotland against Ireland in the Rugby World Cup.
USA's Simone Biles wins her sixth world all-around gold at the World Gymnastics Championships in Antwerp, Belgium.
Tottenham boss Ange Postecoglou says he would dispose of the video assistant referee system "in its current form".
The Labour leader says funding out-of-hours appointments will help more people return to work.
The 6.3 magnitude quake struck about 40km from the western city of Herat on Saturday morning.
Davies, known for films such as Benediction and A Quiet Passion, died after a short illness, his manager confirms.
Ireland dismantle Scotland to reach the World Cup quarter-finals and send their opponents crashing out of the tournament.
The dancer gave an update on her chemotherapy treatment, saying she is "doing really well".
The Labour leader won't be short of advice in Liverpool - but how does he convert a commanding poll lead into a general election victory?
Michael Stone's case is to be looked at again after Levi Bellfield reportedly confessed to the murders.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen clinches a third world title by finishing second in a chaotic and incident-packed sprint race at the Qatar Grand Prix.
It now goes to 14:00 on Sunday for parts of Angus, Perth and Kinross, Aberdeenshire, Moray and Highland.
The family of legendary black footballer Jack Leslie present his FA cap to Plymouth Argyle.
Reform UK's former leader Nigel Farage attacks the Tories in a speech to party's annual conference.
The smell has been blighting the seaside town of Brightlingsea for some time.
Tensions had recently risen in Gaza - but this attack was unexpected on a Jewish holiday.
Risk of flare-up between Palestinian militants and Israel has been deepening for months, writes Jeremy Bowen.
What is Hamas, what is Palestine, and other key questions answered.
Watch the footage of unprecedented scenes in Israel and Gaza, verified and explained by the BBC.
People in towns near the Gaza Strip are phoning news stations saying they are trapped in their homes.
Palestinian militants take dozens of Israelis hostage as they launch biggest attack in years.
Israeli officials tell BBC an investigation into Gaza's surprise attack will go on for years.
The white truck is thought to be carrying Palestinian militants through the Israeli town.
Sunday's headlines focus on Israel suffering its biggest attack in years at the hands of Palestinian militants.
A new TV drama sees Steve Coogan play Jimmy Savile, one of the UK's most notorious paedophiles.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Conker players from across the globe gather in Northamptonshire for the the World Championships.
Despite water shortages, losing loved ones, homes and crops, people affected by the collapse of Ukraine's Kakhovka dam are determined to rebuild.
Right-wing parties look set to make big gains in state elections in Germany's wealthy south.
The former football star is running for a second term but faces demands for a war crimes court.
They are playing at home which could be an advantage but also a pressure point, writes Suresh Menon.
Picasso's 1932 masterpiece, Femme A La Montre, depicts his "golden muse" Marie-Therese Walter.
Keelen Morris Wong, 22, was killed on Coldharbour Lane in Brixton on Tuesday evening.
Wales' Celtic language speaking cousins in France copied the tune of the Welsh national anthem.
Dr Amy Kavanagh, who has a guide dog, said patients intervened after a guard kept saying "no dogs".
American Simone Biles becomes the most decorated gymnast in history after winning her second gold medal at the World Gymnastics Championships.
A father-of-three reveals that it took six weeks to have £800 refunded by his energy supplier.
"No-one's ever got a vehicle down there before," says the mechanic who helped free it.
Max Verstappen entered the rarefied realm of triple Formula 1 world champions with a hard-fought second place in the sprint race at the Qatar Grand Prix on Saturday.
Scott McTominay produced heroics to give Manchester United victory over Brentford and manager Erik ten Hag hopes it will be the catalyst for a club "reset" this season.
England flirt with defeat in their final Pool D game, but survive to keep their winning World Cup run intact.
WBA champion Leigh Wood makes a dramatic comeback to stop Josh Warrington in Sheffield.
Watch highlights of South Africa's innings as they post 428-5 against Sri Lanka in Delhi, the highest score in World Cup history.
Nathanel Young was serving with the Israeli military when he was killed on the Gaza border.
More than 1,000 are feared dead after the 6.3-magnitude quake hit remote villages in western Afghanistan.
A £325m cash injection, as well as refinancing £600m of debt, will enable it to keep expanding, it says.
An anti-corruption commissioner would target £7.2bn lost to fraud, the shadow chancellor will say.
The Labour leaders says NHS staff in England will volunteer for longer hours to cut waiting lists.
Workers and shoppers tell us what they'll miss about the brand as the final stores close.
The Grade II-listed Old Courthouse in Cockermouth was badly damaged early on Sunday.
Marina Wheeler KC is looking at how to strengthen the law to protect women who are bullied at work.
The remains of cars can be seen after militants attacked people attending an outdoor party.
Another Israeli was wounded in the attack in the city of Alexandria, Israel's foreign ministry says.
Kenyan Kelvin Kiptum shatters the men's marathon world record in Chicago as he beats compatriot Eliud Kipchoge's previous mark by more than 30 seconds.
The key architect of New Labour says the party needs to ensure it can attract private investment.
Gabriel Martinelli hits the late winner as Arsenal earn a statement victory over defending Premier League champions Manchester City at Emirates Stadium.
Festival-goers describe mass panic as they fled and hid in bushes as a trance music party came under attack.
Shani Louk's family believe she was taken away by Hamas militants in the back of a pick-up truck.
A BBC reporter in Gaza says there is almost no power and hospitals are overrun after Israeli air strikes.
Palestinian militants launched the type of widespread surprise attack that no one expected.
Motorists duck for cover as multiple shots are fired during a gun battle on Route 4, between Ashdod and the Gaza border.
We explain the background to the militant group, the scale of their attack on Israel and what could happen next.
A "significant number" of Israelis are being held by Hamas in the Gaza Strip, the Israeli military says.
Risk of flare-up between Palestinian militants and Israel has been deepening for months, writes Jeremy Bowen.
Watch the footage of unprecedented scenes in Israel and Gaza, verified and explained by the BBC.
Tensions had recently risen in Gaza - but this attack was unexpected on a Jewish holiday.
Troops try to clear gunmen from several areas, as the Israeli death toll reportedly passes 600.
Monday's papers continue their coverage on Israel-Palestine in the aftermath of deadly attacks.
Accessibility for all is at the core of the ethos for Antigua and Barbuda's youth orchestra.
Despite a recent spike in interest in bedbugs, their interaction with humans is nothing new.
To the anger of his supporters, the US president is ramping up deportation and expanding the wall.
The rush to mine lithium for car batteries is dividing environmental and native American communities.
Hundreds of people allow their secrets - from the harmless to the serious - to be aired in public.
Poland's upcoming elections have been called the most important since the fall of communism in 1989.
Sunday's headlines focus on Israel suffering its biggest attack in years at the hands of Palestinian militants.
Packages and holdalls believed to contain cocaine are washing up on England's south coast.
Discussions over the site are ongoing but the issue is not simple, Hexham MP Guy Opperman says.
St Machar Thistle AFC started with just eight players and lost 51-0 to AC Mill Inn Academy in the first round of the Scottish Amateur Cup.
River levels are continuing to rise and the ground is saturated, increasing the risk of flooding.
Wayne Rooney leaves his role as coach of MLS side DC United by mutual consent after they fail to make the play-offs.
A coach in a small village in Punjab state is training young girls to give them shot at a sports career.
The family of legendary black footballer Jack Leslie present his FA cap to Plymouth Argyle.
Arsenal's win against Manchester City could be one of the most significant moments in Mikel Arteta's career if it has the galvanising impact it should have, writes Phil McNulty.
Portugal cause a shock in Toulouse, but a losing bonus point is enough to send Fiji into a Rugby World Cup quarter-final against England.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell collided at the start before Max Verstappen went on to dominate the Qatar Grand Prix.
Match of the Day 2's Danny Murphy and Alan Shearer analyse how Arsenal prevented Manchester City from playing their usual game, and claimed a 1-0 win.
The 26 seconds that Alex Greenwood used up before taking a free-kick for Manchester City proved more costly than expected in their 1-1 draw with Chelsea.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta says forward Bukayo Saka will not join up with England for October's international fixtures.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his eighth Premier League Team of the Week?
Bernard Cowan and Nathanel Young are confirmed to have died.
Some hold up pictures of those taken hostage or killed, some light candles, while others stand in tears.
Scotland's first minister says he is "worried sick" for his wife's parents who are in Gaza visiting family.
Former Bank of England head Mark Carney endorses Rachel Reeves as she emphasises economic security at Labour conference.
Despite the vote Labour leadership say proposals will not be in the next manifesto.
Chief constable Jo Farrell intends to drive "an anti-discriminatory agenda" at Police Scotland.
The lender raises extra funds from investors after a weekend of intense speculation about its future.
'Numerous' executions were allegedly carried out and covered up, an independent inquiry has heard.
Villagers are searching through what is left of their homes with shovels and bare hands.
Dave Holmes sued Coldplay for unpaid commission, now the band are accusing him of mismanagement.
The Met Office issues a yellow weather warning for heavy rainfall across the west of Scotland.
The Irish-American businessman's foundation donated about $570m to causes in Northern Ireland.
Medway Council says the move will save £75,000 to help reduce its potential overspend of £17m.
The footage that shows joy turning to horror at an Israeli music festival in the desert.
A report in the Wall Street Journal claims that Iran gave the go-ahead for the attack on Israel over the weekend.
The country is adjusting to a new reality as the conflict enters uncharted territory
It took two full days for Israel to clear Hamas fighters from its land - and some are asking why.
Children in Gaza have been expressing their longing for an end to the air strikes.
Israel has announced a "complete siege" on the Strip in response to Saturday's attacks.
Relatives desperately try to find information on loved ones thought to be taken hostage by Hamas.
A number of those identified as dead or missing since Hamas launched attacks on Israel are from overseas.
We explain the background to the militant group, the scale of their attack on Israel and what could happen next.
Abdelkader Hammad is a surgeon currently stuck in Gaza, and was speaking to the BBC when two explosions went off in the building next door.
The BBC's team in the southern Israeli city runs for cover when a missile siren sounded.
Festival-goers describe mass panic as they fled and hid in bushes as a trance music party came under attack.
Palestinian militants launched the type of widespread surprise attack that no one expected.
A BBC reporter in Gaza says there is almost no power and hospitals are overrun after Israeli air strikes.
President Biden condemns the "unprecedented and appalling assault" as US sends military aid.
Rushdi Abu Alouf was speaking to the BBC News Channel when a loud explosion was heard.
The militant group Hamas's attack on Israel continues to lead the majority of Tuesday's newspapers.
Catherine Sheldon says she is now having to leave the property, with nowhere else to go that she can afford.
The history of hip-hop is dominated by men but a new BBC documentary sets out to correct the record.
Part of a famous Democratic dynasty, he will not win the White House but he could impact on who does.
Charities say they have seen a "massive rise" in the number of young carers since the pandemic.
"I'm the idiot who failed to realise the realities," says the author of This is Going to Hurt.
The bank has secured a rescue deal after reports it was looking to raise millions sent its shares plunging.
Sarah Sunny made history after she became India's first deaf lawyer in the Supreme Court.
Kelsey Grammer and Nicholas Lyndhurst star in a reboot of the sitcom, which ended 19 years ago.
American Claudia Goldin is only the third woman to receive the prestigious economics prize.
Arsenal forward Bukayo Saka is ruled out of England's games against Australia and Italy because of injury.
The 18th-Century bath may be the only one of its kind in an assembly room, experts say.
The reality show divides opinion as it returns to British TV for the first time in five years.
Macy and Maya put Carol Vorderman's maths to the test on the Pride of Britain red carpet.
The UK and Republic of Ireland are set to be announced as hosts of the 2028 European Championships at a meeting in Switzerland on Tuesday.
Ricardo dos Santos and his partner, sprinter Bianca Williams, were stopped by police in July 2020.
Two years into an economic crisis and unable to hold their leaders to account, young Lao see no hope.
Scientists in the US are trying to find enzymes or bacteria that will decompose manmade fibres.
In a historic move, a Scottish museum has returned the artefact to its ancestral land.
The 17th Century coins were found hidden beneath a fireplace at the site of a ruined house.
Veterans minister Johnny Mercer suspected UK special forces may have unlawfully killed unarmed Afghans.
Greta Gerwig speaks about the smash hit summer blockbuster at this year's London Film Festival.
Prof Arif Ahmed wants to encourage debate - even on inflammatory subjects like Brexit, pronouns and abortion.
Jo Farrell, who joins from Durham Constabulary, is the first woman to lead the Scottish force.
England captain Jos Buttler questions whether the "poor" outfield in Dharamshala impacts the integrity of Tuesday's World Cup match against Bangladesh.
The FIA says it will look into calendar changes and other measures in Formula 1 to deal with extreme weather following the Qatar Grand Prix.
England back Marcus Smith has praised the role of Olympic great Daley Thompson in developing his speed.
New Zealand continue their unbeaten start to the Men's Cricket World Cup with a dominant 99-run win over the Netherlands in Hyderabad.
Trent Boult takes an "absolutely spectacular" acrobatic catch for New Zealand to dismiss Netherlands batter Bos de Leede at the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup.
Coco Gauff and Iga Swiatek will both miss next month’s Billie Jean King Cup finals, which start two days after the WTA Finals finish in Mexico.
In Kfar Aza, Israeli soldiers tell the BBC they have uncovered a massacre of civilians, including children and babies.
A multi-storey terminal car park suffered "a significant structural collapse", the fire service says.
The Labour leader says he will "bulldoze through" the planning system in England if his party wins power.
A man is arrested after a protester demands electoral reform in a stunt at Labour's conference.
The presenter had been absent from the ITV show since an alleged kidnap plot was revealed last week.
The influential group rejects suggestions that its latest assessment of the UK economy is too downbeat.
A fundraiser was set up after a crucial advertiser pulled out, threatening the paper's future in print.
Lawyers for the United Nations' Refugee Agency issue a warning during a Supreme Court appeal hearing.
The 1975 frontman read a prepared speech from his phone as the Dallas crowd cheered and applauded.
The indie band make the announcement after a "whirlwind" 10 days.
It is still unclear what caused a leak on the Baltic-connector, which is shared with Estonia.
Hundreds of millions of birds die in building collisions across the United States each year.
Timelapse footage shows the animals moving like a murmuration of birds near the city of Othello, in Washington state, USA.
The show could go on with new presenters, or ITV may take the opportunity to shake up the schedule.
Marathon world records are tumbling in the men's and women's races, though the main topic of conversation is not the athletes, but the role played by 'super-shoes'.
New loans from pawnbrokers have risen by 25%, as the cost of living weighs on struggling households.
The Rolling Stones star on re-learning his instrument, Lady Gaga, and going back on the road.
The Marshall Islands are the last country on Earth without a national football team - but Englishman Lloyd Owers is at the forefront of attempts to change that.
The authorities made serious errors both before and after last month's tragedy in Derna, the BBC is told.
Although uncomfortable, bedbug bites are not typically dangerous and are often easily dealt with.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 5.25%, bringing a run of 14 consecutive rises to an end.
New rules and tech could make cars safer for vulnerable road users like pedestrians and cyclists.
James Milward went high tech in his quest to stop the animals fouling in his Surrey garden.
The stars hope to turn a historic cinema in St Andrews into a luxury gastro pub with a golf simulator.
Sadiq Khan says he does not think a bedbug infestation will spread to London's transport network.
With the Las Vegas Sphere going down a storm in the US, could one work in London?
Spanish TV shows a statement to prosecutors where Jenni Hermoso says she felt clearly disrespected.
A new study looks at the environmental impact of artificial intelligence if current trends continue.
Researchers have developed gene-edited chickens that are partially resistant to bird flu.
Louis Robinett completed the 5km course in Poole in 17 minutes and 40 seconds.
The signatures were obtained by a firefighter receiving his MBE on the same day as the band in 1965.
Residents in Trevalga fear now being evicted and say a sale is against its late owner's wishes.
Almost half the world's known flowering plants could be threatened by extinction, scientists warn.
Entire villages were levelled after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck the province of Herat in Afghanistan.
President Biden has been interviewed by officials investigating classified files found in his home.
The Irish-American businessman's foundation donated about $570m to causes in Northern Ireland.
The ruling military junta has been accused of carrying out the artillery strike in the north-east.
Police in San Francisco said the unidentified man was killed after officers arrived at the scene.
Referees' chief Howard Webb says steps have been taken to avoid a repeat of the controversy surrounding Luis Diaz's disallowed goal for Liverpool in their defeat at Tottenham.
Dawid Malan may be England's unglamorous opener always fighting for his place - but against Bangladesh, he delivered when his side needed him most.
Manchester United manager Marc Skinner says his side "belong at this level" after drawing with Paris St-Germain in their first Women's Champions League match.
Eden Hazard was one of the best in the world at times - but could have been even better, says Spanish football writer Andy West.
Watch highlights as Dawid Malan's 140 sets up a comfortable 137-run victory for England over Bangladesh at the Cricket World Cup.
Scrum-half Aaron Smith tells Ireland to expect a "totally different" All Blacks side in Saturday's World Cup quarter-final to the one they faced last summer.
Pakistan superbly chase a World Cup record 345 to beat Sri Lanka in the game of the 2023 tournament so far in Hyderabad.
Rimal, Gaza City's wealthiest area, was a safe haven before a wave of Israeli strikes overnight.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
They speak of police patrols, cancelled trips and no school blazers as fears for their children grow.
Since Hamas attacked Israel on Saturday, more than 1,700 people have been killed in shootings and air strikes.
Yossi Sneider says his cousin and her two children were taken from their home in southern Israel.
One travel agent says he has been "inundated" with calls from people trying to get flights back to the UK.
Jake Marlowe is among those who are missing and the family of Dan Darlington believe he is dead.
The footage that shows joy turning to horror at an Israeli music festival in the desert.
Noa Beer says she feared for her life when militants opened fire at Israel's Supernova festival.
Iran has long backed Hamas, and questions are being asked about its role in the militant group's attack on Israel.
A number of those identified as dead or missing since Hamas launched attacks on Israel are from overseas.
We explain the background to the militant group, the scale of their attack on Israel and what could happen next.
The party has a understated confidence but shadow ministers also want a clear a vision to sell.
Glitter, being a builder, bashing Sunak - what did the Labour leader say in his speech?
Party activists in Liverpool are daring to dream about victory, but caution is never far away.
The BBC's Ione Wells conveys the atmosphere at Labour party conference ahead of Keir Starmer's speech.
A profile of the former lawyer hoping to return his party to power after 13 years in opposition.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
Nadia El-Nakla's parents are stuck in Gaza and her mother warns the family is running out of food.
But PM Benjamin Netanyahu describes any claim Israel received a specific warning as "totally fake news".
Sarah had asthma and was a heavy vaper when she was rushed to hospital with breathing problems.
Special forces bosses tried to cover up a "campaign of murder" in Afghanistan, a lawyer claims.
The star's musical director Stuart Price shares some of the secrets of her long-awaited world tour.
Robert Brown was set to be freed after killing his wife Joanna Simpson with a claw hammer in 2010.
The Labour leader tells the BBC he is a "yes in my back yard" advocate - not a Nimby - on housing.
A BA flight was diverted back to the UK amid security concerns, not long before it was due to land.
Jada Pinkett Smith reveals in a new interview that the pair have been living separate lives since 2016.
The service was livestreamed on the church's Facebook page, but later removed.
His distinctive tones will be heard on Greater Manchester's Metrolink tram network.
The King accusing Hamas of "barbaric acts" leads Thursday's newspapers along with fears of prison overcrowding.
At least 60 people have killed themselves in India after being extorted by a global racket.
Our political editor reflects on a Labour conference filled with expectation about its prospects.
Winners of the Natural History Museum Wildlife Photographer of the Year have been revealed.
The BBC's Janine Machin shows us the aftermath of the fire that caused "significant structural collapse".
Thousands of children have still not returned to lessons in school because of unsafe buildings.
Erica Robin, Pakistan's first Miss Universe representative, has sparked outrage in some quarters.
The O2 Arena are trailing carbon removed gigs - will they become more common across the industry?
Millions of chickens have been killed amid one of the worst bird flu outbreaks to hit the country.
The release is part of efforts to reintroduce the species after their extinction 400 years ago.
The state visit will come on the 60th anniversary of the country's independence from the UK.
The piece has returned to Glasgow Museums, after being put up for auction by an unsuspecting seller.
Counterfeit stock with a street value of about £800,000 was found at the badging facility in Manchester.
Commercial flights restart after a huge fire ripped through a multi-storey car park.
Former prime minister tells Covid inquiry he was worried UK could look like a mini-EU.
The Prince and Princess of Wales are "profoundly distressed" by events in the region, a spokesman says.
Sean Hogg had been found guilty by a jury of attacking the girl twice in Midlothian in 2018.
Experts aim to keep it in "as large sections as possible" but it is too big to move in one piece.
Study shows quality and quantity of hops - a crucial ingredient - are falling with hotter weather.
High Street chain Next is understood to be close to buying rival fashion chain Fat Face.
Just over half of girls in secondary school enjoy PE lessons, compared with 84% of the boys.
The shadow health secretary warns the ageing population could bankrupt the NHS, as he sets out plans.
Israeli flags flown in a "show of solidarity" were removed in Sheffield and Rotherham, the councils say.
Muslims complained it was blasphemous to ask students to colour in a picture of the Islamic prophet.
The sports presenter will have surgery on Saturday and encourages other men to get checked early.
The journalist has arrived home in Melbourne, three years after she was imprisoned by Chinese authorities.
Carralyn Parkes loses her argument that the Government requires planning permission.
As the German sandal maker lists publicly, are the best days of the centuries-old brand behind it?
The prototype catapult is unearthed at the former site of RAF Harwell in Oxfordshire.
Experts from the University of Essex and University of Adelaide have shared results of a study.
The club pays tribute to a "wonderful wife, mother and daughter" after losing "a very dear friend".
England defender Harry Maguire says former captain David Beckham has urged him to focus on career positives after fan criticism.
The prison has seen "violence levels continue to rise" in the past year, with assaults up by 20%.
The shadow education secretary pledges to tackle a 'cultural problem' with the subject in schools.
More than 1,000 people have already died following Saturday's 6.3 magnitude quake.
Steve Clarke's Scotland are close to a watershed moment as they prepare to play Spain with a place at Euro 2024 at stake, writes Scott Mullen.
Charlie Savage will stay with Wales' senior squad after a "dream" debut in Wednesday's 4-0 friendly win over Gibraltar.
The Football Association is unlikely to light the Wembley arch in the colours of the Israel flag because of fears of a backlash from some communities.
Conrad Smith and Richard Kahui once had a dream to represent the All Blacks, and they soon learned of the legacy that was left for them.
Glasgow City's hopes of reaching the Women's Champions League group stage are all but over after being blown away by Norwegian champions SK Brann.
Captain Rohit Sharma's scintillating century leads India to an emphatic eight-wicket World Cup defeat of Afghanistan in Delhi.
Birmingham City appoint former England captain Wayne Rooney as their new manager on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Israel has to decide whether to attempt a rescue of those held in Gaza - or wait to strike a deal.
Power runs out in Gaza after another night of massive destruction by Israeli forces.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
The foreign secretary is in Israel to show the UK's "unwavering solidarity", the Foreign Office says.
The death toll in Israel from Saturday's attack by Hamas is now more than 1,200.
When Hamas attacked early Saturday morning, US professor Ilan Troen got a call from his daughter.
In the hours after Saturday's Hamas attack, tens of thousands of Israelis prepared to go back to duty.
A journalist films a video diary evacuating from house to house showing the extreme level of dust from air strikes.
In Kfar Aza, Israeli soldiers tell the BBC they have uncovered a massacre of civilians, including children and babies.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The BBC's chief international correspondent was told to move while broadcasting in Ashkelon, southern Israel.
Two ships, surveillance aircraft, helicopters and a detachment of Royal Marines are being dispatched.
BBC Arabic reporter Adnan Elbursh visits the main hospital in Gaza City, which is at breaking point.
Recognition hangs in the balance for Indigenous Australians ahead of a historic vote.
The coins will enter circulation at the end of the year and are likely to help children with maths.
Scotland's bid to reach Euro 2024 is agonisingly prolonged as a frustrating defeat in Spain sends them to a first defeat of the campaign.
The ex-F1 boss is given a suspended sentence and will pay back £653m to HMRC over a tax case.
X, formerly Twitter, is being investigated over the possible spread of terrorist and violent content after Hamas' Israel attack.
The Republican lawmaker failed to gain enough votes to secure an overall majority in the chamber.
The TV presenter said the show's editor Biddy Baxter was "incredibly cruel" and left her crying.
A crane was brought in to take the trunk, which had to be cut into pieces as it weighed 3-4 tonnes.
Yaz Ashmawi regrets "compromising" the Labour leader's safety but says throwing glitter was "fine".
The family tells TalkTV the books were nothing to do with charity fundraising.
Prof Graham Medley said that civil servants would have been aware of those concerns at the time.
The UK sending help to Israel and an ex-Formula One boss pleading guilty to fraud lead Friday's papers.
Wheelchair users find it near-impossible to find accessible scales and keep check of their weight.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Three years on from Jacinda Ardern's sweeping victory, polls indicate voters will desert Labour.
Meet the team protecting the hundreds of sunken ships and planes around Northern Ireland's coast.
The star greeted fans for the world premiere of the film Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour in Los Angeles.
Australia will soon hold a historic vote - its neighbour is well ahead on recognising Indigenous people.
It's seen as the most important vote since communism's end in 1989. What direction will Poland take?
Images from western Afghanistan where two earthquakes days apart have caused massive damage.
Young adults are using artificial intelligence to make professional-looking headshot photos.
The Bollywood superstar has reinvented himself as a fighting machine - and the audiences are loving him.
The actor and comedian has been talking about how life has changed since his Parkinson's Diagnosis.
The tree has been cut up in what is hoped will be "a turning point" in the history of the site.
Sarah Wilkinson might not have met the right partner, but has still managed the wedding of her dreams.
The UK's energy watchdog is considering a rise to bills to help prevent companies going bust.
Ben Wilson's paintings on discarded chewing gum across the Millennium Bridge are to be washed away.
The Grand National will be reduced to a maximum of 34 runners from 40 as part of measures designed to improve safety.
The Labour leader says new developments need infrastructure as he defends his housebuilding plans.
Health and animal welfare campaigners say the overuse of antibiotics by UK farmers should be banned.
Data shows August was a very busy month for hospitals and ambulance services.
DJ Day Day will host a new morning show from home city Birmingham when he takes over from DJ Ace.
Robert Brown was set to be freed after killing his wife Joanna Simpson with a claw hammer in 2010.
Swift's concert film receives a star-studded premiere in LA, with box office records already broken.
The move is a precautionary measure, the Foreign Office says, as it stresses the embassy remains open.
A car park by the terminal has reopened for the collection of vehicles only, the airport says.
Nadia El-Nakla's parents are stuck in Gaza and her mother warns the family is running out of food.
Jockey Frankie Dettori abandons plans to retire later this year and will continue his career in the United States
The FA has "tried to make the best decision with good intentions" over tributes to those who have died in Israel and Gaza, according to Gareth Southgate.
Mark Telea is dropped by New Zealand for Saturday's Rugby World Cup quarter-final with Ireland after breaking team protocol.
Australia suffer their heaviest World Cup defeat as they are beaten by South Africa in Lucknow.
The Russian Olympic Committee has been suspended "with immediate effect", according to the International Olympic Committee.
Scotland head coach Steve Clarke feels sorry for his players after a 2-0 defeat by Spain delayed qualification for Euro 2024.
Marcus Smith should start England's World Cup quarter-final against Fiji at full-back with captain Owen Farrell at fly-half, says Chris Ashton.
Daniel Akinkunmi has only been playing American football for two years but has been recruited by one of the top colleges in the US.
The first flight is set to leave Tel Aviv later on Thursday, the Foreign Office says.
Palestinian militants are thought to have built hundreds of kilometres of tunnels underneath Gaza.
The BBC’s Gordon Corera investigates exactly how the Palestinian militant group was able to launch its surprise attack on Israel.
Londoners Naila and Talal El-Deeb were visiting family in Gaza when the violence erupted.
"I took my pistol, my clothes, my bulletproof vest and the other thing was cigarettes," says Adam.
The move comes as European governments fear a rise in antisemitism triggered by the Israel-Hamas war.
The tension is palpable as Israel reinforces its border against the threat from Hezbollah.
The two women managed to run away after Israeli military arrived at the scene.
The platform follows X and Meta to be urged to step up efforts to stop the spread of disinformation.
More than 1,100 people have been killed by strikes on the Gaza Strip so far.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
A Jewish security group says incidents are up compared with the same period last year.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The IMF is warning about the health of the UK economy, but how does the organisation work?
Messages reveal how trapped families called for help and shared words of comfort as militants killed 100 in their kibbutz.
Couples are still paying thousands before they can access NHS fertility treatment, the BBC finds.
The ex cricketer came to the settlement with BBC Studios, after being hurt while filming the show.
The landmark Voice referendum could shape Australia's relationship with its Indigenous peoples for generations.
"I keep saying I'm going to retire," the 90-year-old screen legend tells the BBC. "Well I am now."
As Taylor Swift prepares to release a re-recorded version of 1989, here's a look behind the songs.
In a BBC interview, Christian Lindner invites the UK to discuss a closer relationship with the EU.
A BBC Arabic team was driving to back to a hotel when they were stopped and dragged from their car.
The Covid inquiry releases messages between civil servant Simon Case and No 10 adviser Dominic Cummings.
Scotland's first minister had shared an emotional plea for help from his mother-in-law in Gaza.
The independent reviewer of terrorism says speeches and acts supporting Hamas's attack are against the law.
Call of Duty might be an Xbox exclusive one day, but not for at least 15 years.
Glück won a Nobel in 2020 and was the first American poet to win the prize since TS Eliot in 1948.
Our political editor says the party appears to be facing an uphill battle to achieve an independent Scotland.
The Pussycat Dolls singer plays Norma Desmond in a new production of the musical Sunset Boulevard.
Afghans who worked with the UK are living in fear in Pakistan as it cracks down on migrants without visas.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Meet the team protecting the hundreds of sunken ships and planes around NI's coast.
The JET laboratory, the focus of European fusion experiments for decades, carries out its last test.
Girls barred from the classroom by the Taliban government are using a BBC programme to learn in secret.
France is put on its highest counter-terrorism alert, following the death of a teacher stabbed at a high school.
Activists at the event held for Shaun Bailey's campaign team were invited to "jingle and mingle".
Finnish officials say they cannot rule out a state actor being responsible for the rupture.
It is still unclear whether the Ohio congressman has enough support to win a majority in the House.
A trailer is released of Coleen Rooney's documentary on the highly publicised libel case.
It comes after the UK approved the $69bn takeover of Activision Blizzard, which makes Call of Duty.
Terry Martin thought the rubies in the slippers were real gems, but they were in fact made of glass.
The escapologist was doing rehearsals in October 2021 when he was seriously injured.
Nigel Hunt loses his university role after saying Welsh road signs are "potentially dangerous".
Jamie Dimon says conflicts in Ukraine and Israel may hit energy and food markets, and global trade.
A judge says doctors can withdraw life support from seven-month-old Indi Gregory.
Rishi Sunak condemns "disgusting" rise in antisemitism since the Hamas attacks on Israel.
An S4C boss allegedly told rugby star Mike Phillips his Welsh language skills were not good enough.
Warren Gatland's side have navigated through the pool stage and enter the quarter final favourites.
Adil Iqbal is handed a longer term on the day his victim, Frankie Jules-Hough, was due to give birth.
Northern Lights? Aliens? There is a more earthly reason why the strange hue has illuminated the sky.
The gunman who killed Ashley Dale, 28, went shopping before depositing the money, a court hears.
Ireland are well equipped to deal with the weight of history and break new ground in the World Cup, writes former Irish wing Tommy Bowe.
Wales fly-half Dan Biggar knows Saturday's World Cup quarter-final against Argentina could be his last appearance before retiring from Test rugby.
India and Pakistan set for epic encounter at Cricket World Cup on Saturday - hosted at the world's largest cricket stadium.
After making a goalscoring return to the England squad, has Ollie Watkins jumped to the front of the queue to be Harry Kane's main understudy?
Watch highlights as New Zealand continue their perfect start to their ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 campaign with an eight-wicket victory over Bangladesh in Chennai.
Alastair Cook's retirement is not just the end of a prolific career, it could be the end of openers of his style, says Stephan Shemilt.
Five talking points before the weekend's WSL games, including the potential return of one of the game's biggest stars
With more than a million people told to leave their homes, three people in different parts of Gaza share their fears.
It is now only a matter of time before Israeli forces enter Gaza, with the goal of wiping out Hamas.
Turbulence caused by the fighting in the Middle East could upend the 2024 presidential race.
BBC Arabic reporter Adnan Elbursh visits the main hospital in Gaza City, which is at breaking point.
Neta had not spoken to her father for years, but she knew he was the only person who could save her.
Sending forces into Gaza's densely populated urban areas is an operation fraught with peril.
Russia didn't orchestrate this conflict but it could take advantage of it, says the BBC's Russia editor.
Lucy Williamson visits the site of the Israeli music festival where 260 bodies were discovered.
Palestinian militants are thought to have built hundreds of kilometres of tunnels underneath Gaza.
My mother would say the atrocities are the result of not striving for peace, he tells Jeremy Bowen.
Two ships, surveillance aircraft, helicopters and a detachment of Royal Marines are being dispatched.
The BBC’s Gordon Corera investigates exactly how the Palestinian militant group was able to launch its surprise attack on Israel.
Tear gas is used after pro-Palestinian rallies are banned as a possible threat to public order.
The two women managed to run away after Israeli military arrived at the scene.
Women and children were killed in Friday's strike on vehicles that were heading away from northern Gaza.
The BBC's Rushdi Abualouf says the city is struggling to cope as refugees from northern Gaza flood in.
New Zealand end Ireland's World Cup dream and set up a semi-final against Argentina with a 28-24 win at Stade de France.
Party leaders have proposed using the next general election as a de facto independence referendum.
Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani withdraws from the process to buy Manchester United.
Police warn that anyone showing support for Hamas, a proscribed terrorist group, could face arrest.
Chris Luxon to form a centre-right coalition with his allies as Labour PM Chris Hipkins concedes defeat.
The animal, thought to be an American bully XL, has been ordered to be destroyed.
Tommy Fury beats fellow social media star KSI on points in their unlicensed boxing fight in front of a capacity 20,000 crowd at Manchester's AO Arena.
The annular solar eclipse crossed North, Central, and South America on Saturday.
Fans of easy life vow to keep their tattoos despite legal action against the band by easyGroup.
Muslim and Jewish people share their feelings about the impact on each of their communities.
The evacuation of northern Gaza and Rishi Sunak's pledge that the UK will back Israel lead the papers.
The app's hoping to take on Twitch and YouTube to become the main stop for online video games content.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Wooden crates still packed with dynamite sticks and even graves have been among his discoveries.
Life is "not as good as it should be" for some LGBTQ+ groups, the Iris Prize director says.
The SNP are devising a new strategy as members gather in Aberdeen for the party's annual conference.
Ten years after Xi Jinping announced his signature Belt and Road project, its goals and outcomes have evolved.
The ex-cricketer came to the settlement with BBC Studios, after being hurt while filming the show.
WW2 spy Phyllis Latour has died aged 102. Now the full story of her wartime career can be told.
"I keep saying I'm going to retire," the 90-year-old screen legend tells the BBC. "Well, I am now."
Thousand of fans have descended on Ahmedabad to watch the India v Pakistan match.
A $5bn transport project, funded by Chinese loans, is in danger of becoming a white elephant.
Audiences are lapping up televised orchestra performances reviving Somali music for a new generation.
The country has overwhelmingly voted No to a proposal aimed at elevating First Nations voices.
Former SNP MP Dr Lisa Cameron says she has received threatening messages since switching party.
Supporters have their say in Marseille as Wales crash out of the Rugby World Cup.
Borth United in Wales calls off Saturday's game against Tywyn Bryncrug FC after pitch is flooded.
Sir Jeffrey Donaldson tells his party's conference that direct rule is not a better option for NI.
Ireland chase history as New Zealand look to avoid more misery at the hands of Andy Farrell's side in Saturday's unmissable World Cup quarter-final in Paris.
Warren Gatland wants to remain as Wales head coach despite watching his side get knocked out of the World Cup.
Wigan winger Liam Marshall hopes their Super League Grand Final win against Catalans can spur them to more silverware.
Watch highlights as hosts India cruise to a seven-wicket victory against Pakistan with almost 20 overs to spare at the World Cup.
India's victory over arch-rivals Pakistan, with a huge, partisan crowd watching on, was a World Cup match like no other.
Sam Kerr scores her first goal of the season as reigning Women's Super League champions Chelsea beat West Ham to move top of the table.
Watch the key moments as Argentina beat Wales and New Zealand overcome Ireland in dramatic quarter-finals to knock them out of the Rugby World Cup
Northern Ireland forward Paul Smyth says he "couldn't have asked for a better day" after scoring the opener as they defeated San Marino 3-0 at Windsor Park on Saturday.
Zaka volunteers are used to being called to traumatic scenes, but nothing prepared them for the past week.
New mother Celine Ben David Nagar was on a weekend away with friends - now she's thought to be in Gaza.
Mariam, a young British-Palestinian trying to cross the border into Egypt, speaks of her fears.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
Messages reveal how trapped families called for help and shared words of comfort as militants killed 100 in their kibbutz.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
A desperate and destitute tide of humanity has washed into Khan Younis. And there is no help.
The Rafah crossing on Gaza's border with Egypt is currently the only route out of the territory.
Donald Tusk's centrist opposition has a better chance of forming a coalition if the poll is right.
A&E waits in Wales have been seriously under-reported in official figures each month for a decade.
Dafydd Hughes was killed by an unlicensed driver filmed drinking a can of cider behind the wheel.
Scotland qualify for Euro 2024 as Norway's loss to Spain secures a top-two finish in Group A for Steve Clarke's men.
The party has voted for a strategy based on winning a majority of Scottish seats at a general election.
Thirty charities have warned Rishi Sunak not to abandon the bill banning no-fault evictions.
Police in Illinois link the killing of a boy and injuries to a woman to the ongoing Israel-Gaza war.
Authorities in Iran say the couple was found dead at home after sustaining knife wound injuries.
The 67-year-old is alleged to have made racist comments during London's pro-Palestine rally.
Somers was best known as one of the stars of the US sitcoms Three's Company and Step by Step.
A 51-year-old man could face life in prison after the discovery by Hong Kong airport officials.
Humza Yousaf sought to temper expectations of hungry SNP members at the party's annual conference.
Efforts to stop the conflict in Gaza spreading and a warning by the home secretary lead the papers.
China's incessant military drills drive Taiwan to look for support.
There are now 555 air quality monitors across the country, but some say they aren't good enough.
The application rules and deadlines for 2024 secondary school places vary across the UK.
BBC Scotland takes a look at what next summer looks like for the Tartan Army at Euro 2024.
Maya Sharma doesn't believe in marriage but has petitioned India's Supreme Court to legalise same-sex union.
The star is joined on stage by four of her children, who she thanks for saving her life this summer.
Shye Weinstein recorded on camera how he and his friends fled the site stormed by Hamas gunmen, who killed at least 260 people.
Stargazers witness a spectacular celestial event in parts of the US, Central and South America.
Wooden crates still packed with dynamite sticks and even graves have been among his discoveries.
The SNP are devising a new strategy as members gather in Aberdeen for the party's annual conference.
Hundreds who attended call for the release of more than 100 hostages taken during the attack on Israel.
The social media firm lists what it is doing to tackle misinformation after a warning by the EU.
Eight UN peacekeepers, originally from South Africa, are accused of breaching the organisation's rules.
The issue, which has been resolved, is causing major disruption at one of London's busiest stations.
Owen Farrell's boot takes England to the Rugby World Cup semi-finals with a 30-24 victory against Fiji in Marseille.
South Africa keep the defence of their title alive with a thrilling quarter-final victory over France in one of the greatest matches in World Cup history.
Emergency services have now handed back control of the multi-storey car park to the airport.
The ring is engraved in French, the language of courtly love, and reads: "I desire to serve you".
The Afrobeats megastar opens up about the aftermath of his three-year-old son's tragic death
The Hollywood actor dedicates his award to the "army" of people who put his BBC show together.
The It's A Sin writer says he wants to make something that reflects the "hatred in the air".
"I prefer slack Welsh to slick English," says expert calling criticism of Mike Phillips embarrassing.
It has not been a fun year for England rugby fans, but they finally got some joy back in Marseille on Sunday.
Wales produce a stunning performance to beat Croatia and reignite their hopes of qualifying automatically for Euro 2024 in sensational fashion.
Watch highlights as England suffer a shock 69-run defeat to Afghanistan in Delhi at the Cricket World Cup.
Arsenal and England forward Beth Mead calls her return to football "special" following 11 months of "torture" after a serious knee injury.
Watch the key moments from Sunday's Rugby World Cup quarter-finals as England knock out Fiji, while defending champions South Africa stun France.
Scotland manager Steve Clarke hails his player for reaching successive European Championships and doubts they "will fully realise the significance of their achievement yet".
Bombs, shortages, a life on the run. Bisan Owda, a filmmaker, has been documenting her days under siege.
Women and children were killed in Friday's strike on vehicles that were heading away from northern Gaza.
How false claims, conspiracy theories and hateful content shapes the general public's view of the war.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
A football match between Belgium and Sweden is called off after two Swedes are killed.
Noiya, 16, and Yahel, 13, are from Kibbutz Be'eri, near the Gaza border.
Ahmed Alid, from Wharton Street in Hartlepool, will appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Tuesday.
The party says the government's alternative plans after scrapping the northern leg of HS2 are an "insult".
It's crucial to catch a bedbug outbreak early, and firms are turning to tech to achieve this.
The 97-year-old presents Planet Earth III, the third instalment of the landmark award-winning programme.
Eight years of rule under the right-wing Law and Justice party could soon come to an end.
SSE's Seagreen array, off the Angus coast, can power up to two thirds of Scottish homes.
Former president says he wants to give evidence in London over "egregiously inaccurate" 2017 dossier.
Conservative MP Crispin Blunt says the allegation from Mr Bridgen is "not correct".
Minister announces plans for low-level offenders and foreign criminals as prison spaces fill up.
The BBC understands the German chancellor may turn down his invitation to the event on 1 November.
It emerged last week the couple have been living apart since 2016, despite regularly appearing together.
Xi Jinping’s signature policy to transform the world has cost billions - has it paid off?
The ruling party is on course to lose its majority - and an opposition coalition has the numbers to replace it.
A long prison sentence hangs over him so the former crypto tycoon may take a gamble and testify.
The second named storm of the autumn will bring heavy rain and strong winds from Wednesday to Saturday.
A month on from the controversial 20mph speed limit change, how do people in Wales feel?
LEDs dominate lighting systems but their efficiency rests on the tricky production of blue light.
Walt Disney visited Norton Disney, Lincolnshire, in 1949, and Sleeping Beauty's castle changed forever.
Patients say getting access to pads and tampons on mental health wards can be a struggle.
The Lego-like block-building game cements its position as the best-selling video game of all time.
The application rules and deadlines for 2024 secondary school places vary across the UK.
Players react to the news that cricket will be among the sports taking place in Los Angeles in 2028.
The driver has been arrested after the bus veered into a bubble tea cafe in Manchester city centre.
The student asked about a question he found online while revising - which came up in his exam.
The sci-fi animated comedy returned for its seventh season with a new cast voicing its leads characters.
Cartoon of Israeli PM Netanyahu was pulled following a row over its meaning.
Screenshots appear to show Fadzai Madzingira describing Israel as an "apartheid state".
The company, which is owned my Microsoft, is cutting about 3% of its workforce.
Szabolcs Fekete claimed two coffees, two sandwiches and two pasta dishes were consumed solely by him.
The fashion designer and her husband hope to build a modern home in the Lochailort area.
Coca-Cola hopes to cut its carbon footprint with fossil-free plastic trial at Swansea University.
The North East Ambulance Service apologises to the patient's family and begins an investigation.
The charity says the TV star was a "champion of the underdog" as it names vet hospital after him.
Ricardo dos Santos has been "repeatedly" stopped and searched by police, a misconduct hearing is told.
Mr Noboa will govern until May 2025 after beating Luisa González in the second round of voting.
Campaigners aim to bring the Grade II*-listed house in Thornton, Bradford, into community ownership.
The Tartan Army celebrates qualifying for the 2024 tournament in Germany.
Belgium's Euro 2024 qualifier against Sweden is abandoned at half-time for security reasons after two Swedish people are shot dead in Brussels.
England defender Kyle Walker is hopeful the Three Lions can get "payback" in Tuesday's Euro 2024 qualifier against reigning champions Italy.
Australia finally get their first win of the World Cup, but only after surviving some nervy moments against Sri Lanka.
Ex-England captain Matt Dawson praises the side's World Cup quarter-final win against Fiji and warns of a greater challenge to come.
Watch highlights as Australia hold their nerve to claim a five-wicket victory over Sri Lanka at the Cricket World Cup in Lucknow.
Meet Rudie van Vuuren, who in 2003 played in both the Rugby World Cup and Cricket World Cup.
Featherweight Connor Coghill is in hospital after a bleed on his brain was discovered in the wake of the Briton's defeat by Hopey Price in Sheffield on 7 October.
Despite a looming Israeli ground assault, many families are unwilling or unable to leave northern Gaza.
Nathanel Young, 20, was serving in the IDF when he was killed in the Hamas attack on Israel.
Palestinians with dual citizenship have headed to the border ahead of Israel's expected ground operation.
Our correspondents answer your questions on the conflict between Israel and Hamas.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The BBC's Rushdi Abualouf reports from Khan Younis, where hundreds of thousands of refugees have arrived.
The prime minister says a further 10 Britons are missing as he calls for the immediate release of hostages.
Women and children were killed in Friday's strike on vehicles that were heading away from northern Gaza.
In footage from Saturday, people can be seen walking through huge piles of rubble.
The border crossing with Egypt is the only point of exit for Palestinians looking to flee Gaza.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
Keren Shem appeals for her daughter to be freed immediately with all the Hamas hostages in Gaza.
England qualify for next summer's European Championship in Germany after coming from behind to beat Italy at Wembley.
The ATACMS weapons were reportedly used in air strikes that destroyed Russian helicopters.
Sir John Armitt tells the BBC the decision to sell the property is a "mistake".
The pop star was in her late teens and dating Justin Timberlake at the time, according to memoir extracts.
Academics at Aberystwyth University say its composition does not match that of similar stones.
A grand jury will be asked to consider "additional facts" in the on-set shooting, prosecutors say.
The Trump ally postpones plans for another vote as holdouts to his bid for the speakership dig in.
US spies and informants could have been directed to hostile nations through a CIA mistake made on X.
The British Medical Association says strikes will be paused to allow time for the two sides to meet.
Tony Fernandes shared a picture of himself attending a meeting while getting a massage.
England outlawed Botox for under-18s two years ago, but there is no law stopping it in Wales.
Surveillance video shows the moment a fury burglar entered a Connecticut home looking for lunch.
An explosion at a hospital in Gaza, in which hundreds of people are feared dead, leads the papers.
The 1999 blockbuster is reimagined as a live show directed by Danny Boyle in a new Manchester venue.
Dure Ahmed was held in a Syrian camp for more than three years, but has now been repatriated to Canada.
Xi Jinping’s signature policy to transform the world has cost billions - has it paid off?
The UK's latest gale was named after a Dutchwoman who was born during a storm
George Baldock says amazing teachers at a pupil referral unit got him into the University of Cambridge.
The singer has "learned to quietly embrace" Never Gonna Give You Up after not singing it for years.
A month on from the controversial 20mph speed limit change, how do people in Wales feel?
The UK intelligence boss says his agency is watching a "large cohort" of people with extremist mindsets.
A gas pipeline between Finland and Estonia is believed to have been damaged at the same time, Sweden says.
The first minister says rates will not rise next year as he closes the SNP conference in Aberdeen.
The Swedish climate campaigner was with other activists at a protest outside a central London hotel.
The boxer says he had a tough time being "a cuddly dad" and training "to rip someone's head off" at the same time.
The Amsterdam museum has decided to stop giving out the cards after reports of overcrowding.
The government says EU rules banning low-alcohol wine being marketed as wine should be scrapped.
The streamer releases images of the final season of the royal drama, which is set in the late 1990s.
Parliament's behaviour watchdog says drinking was at the heart of many accusations of bad behaviour.
Two died and one person was injured in the Monday attack coinciding with a Sweden football match.
She tells BBC News she regrets not leaving the SNP sooner and repeats her claims of a "toxic" culture.
The streaming site introduces features including voice-activated "sparkles" for the famous buttons.
Bella, a 14-year-old cat from Huntingdon, purrs at 54.6 decibels - as loud as boiling a kettle.
Gareth Southgate believes there is more to come from his England side after sealing Euro 2024 qualification with two games to spare.
Ten-man Northern Ireland's dismal Euro 2024 qualifying campaign continues as they lose 1-0 to Slovenia on another disappointing night at Windsor Park.
The Netherlands' shock World Cup victory over South Africa will "make the front page" and is "iconic and memorable".
South Africa's unbeaten run in the World Cup is ended by a shock 38-run defeat by the Netherlands in Dharamsala.
Star-studded France roar back from a goal down to inflict a heavy friendly defeat on much-changed Scotland.
Chelsea midfielder Fran Kirby is back in the England squad for this month's Women's Nations League matches after recovering from injury.
Hundreds are feared dead after a strike on a hospital in Gaza.
Hundreds of lorries carrying aid are parked up on the Egyptian side of the Rafah crossing.
One man is trying to piece together what happened to loved ones based on live streams made by Hamas.
Layla Moran says her relatives have no food, water and electricity as she fears escalating violence.
A doctor working in Gaza told the BBC 40% of those wounded are children and many have become orphans.
Yahel, who went missing with sister Noiya, was killed in the assault on Israel, her family have said.
President Biden's visit to Israel will cap a week of intense US diplomacy aiming to prevent its war with Hamas spreading.
Despite a looming Israeli ground assault, many families are unwilling or unable to leave northern Gaza.
The BBC's Clive Myrie speaks to a father whose son is following in his footsteps to fight for Israel.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
It is now only a matter of time before Israeli forces enter Gaza, with the goal of wiping out Hamas.
People are still recovering body parts from the Al-Ahli Arab hospital, reports Rushdi Abu Alouf.
After the destruction of the Al-Ahli hospital, hopes for an end to the war are even fainter.
The PM will meet Israel's leaders on Thursday before going to other regional capitals in a two-day trip.
The King makes an impassioned plea for religious tolerance and mutual respect.
The presenter, who has a condition affecting her womb, tells MPs her problems were repeatedly dismissed.
Manchester United's hopes of a first appearance in the group stage of the Women's Champions League end with defeat by Paris St-Germain in the second round of qualifying.
The company released untreated sewage at dozens of sites, including near a bottlenose dolphin habitat.
Storm Babet is forecast to bring "unprecedented" heavy rainfall for some parts of Scotland.
A new ratings system from the regulator gives information on whether optional extras are effective.
The couple have been named locally as David and Celia Barlow, from near Newbury in Berkshire.
New owner, Recharge, hopes to close a deal on the Northumberland site, paving the way to make batteries for export.
Prosecutors drop their inquiry into a woman's allegation the UFC fighter attacked her at a Miami arena.
Emergency crews in Iowa did not have ladders tall enough to reach the top and put the fire out.
US President Joe Biden's meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu leads the papers.
Law firms are increasingly using artificial intelligence systems, but it comes with risks.
Almost a decade since the 2014 referendum, the BBC’s Glenn Campbell brings us up to speed on where things stand with an indyref2.
The Little Mermaid actress was awarded the title at the Glamour Women of the Year awards.
The application rules and deadlines for 2024 primary school places vary across the UK.
A youth orchestra connects this 15-year-old County Down girl to people from different communities.
Analysis of satellite images provides evidence that dozens of Darfur villages have been burned down.
The UK's latest gale was named after a Dutchwoman who was born during a storm
The ChatGPT-style tech can take notes, write emails, and take care of other "drudgery".
Lo Williams hopes to inspire the next generation through her designs and business.
Divided Republicans consider a stand-in as the Ohioan's bid to lead Congress's lower chamber falters.
Deliveries will be in one area to begin with from late 2024 and only for items weighing up to 5lbs (2.2kg).
The streaming giant said it was putting up prices in the UK and other markets even after introducing tougher rules.
The gang is suspected of illegally importing more than 400 animals into Spain from eastern Europe.
She speaks to the BBC ahead of a new Disney documentary about her legal battle with Rebekah Vardy.
Andrew Malkinson says he is still awaiting compensation after spending 17 years behind bars.
The battle to slow soaring prices is not over and means uncertainty over another interest rate rise.
Hewa Rahimpur is given 11 years for heading a gang that brought 10,000 people to the UK in small boats.
The almost 500-year-old tree has been standing since Queen Elizabeth I was on the throne.
The music video for Everytime is being interpreted in new ways by some after news Spears had an abortion.
The climate campaigner is accused of breaching the Public Order Act at a demonstration in London.
Mohamed Salah calls for "world leaders to come together to prevent further slaughter of innocent souls" amid the ongoing Israel-Gaza conflict.
Springbok legend Joel Stransky discusses South Africa's 'brutal' Rugby World Cup quarter-final win over France and backs the holders to see off England in the semis.
Newcastle United confirm midfielder Sandro Tonali is being investigated in relation to alleged illegal betting activity.
Worcester Warriors director of rugby Jo Yapp says Cube international's decision to withdraw funding came "out of the blue".
Billie Jean King says she would happily see the cup competition bearing her name combined with the Davis Cup into one World Cup of tennis.
Brazil and Al-Hilal forward Neymar will have surgery after rupturing his anterior cruciate ligament while on international duty.
New Zealand's Mitchell Santner takes a stunning diving catch to dismiss Afghanistan captain Hashmatullah Shahidi in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match in Chennai.
BBC Verify is analysing evidence from the Al-Ahli hospital explosion amid competing claims over responsibility.
For days now Israel has been preparing to invade Gaza - but why hasn't it launched it yet?
An all-female team of Israeli soldiers monitors cameras along Israel's volatile northern frontier.
A family take in friends and relatives to their home in southern Gaza while the Israeli air strikes continue.
The British government confirmed that "at least" seven people have died and a further nine are missing.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
The abduction of Holocaust expert Alex Danzig has caused particular distress in Israel and Poland.
Israeli and Palestinian officials have blamed each other for the blast in which hundreds may have died.
Hundreds of people were killed by an explosion at a crowded hospital in Gaza City, health officials say.
Clashes broke out in the occupied West Bank city after the strike on a hospital in Gaza.
The US president's trip was always going to be a diplomatic risk. Now the situation is even more volatile.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Rushdi Abu Alouf is among those struggling to find a place to live amid ongoing Israeli strikes.
One man is trying to piece together what happened to loved ones based on live streams made by Hamas.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
HM Coastguard knock on doors into the night urging people in Angus to evacuate during a rare red weather warning.
Staffing, funding and cost of living pressures mean a greater risk of an unfair system, says watchdog.
It is the latest in a row between the two nations over the murder of a Sikh separatist leader on Canadian soil.
The comment was made in a WhatsApp exchange after the public had been encouraged to "eat out" to help the economy.
London's John Morden Centre wins the Riba Stirling Prize for its approach to elderly living.
Omid Djalili was due to appear at the Festival Drayton Centre on Thursday evening.
The US tech giant is looking at ways it can automate more of its operations.
The singer was given six months to live when he was diagnosed five years ago, his wife Suzan says.
Ukraine appears to be expanding its forces on the Russian-occupied left or eastern bank of the river.
Wark made the announcement exactly three decades after she first presented the BBC Two news show.
The actress says she doesn't like the "judgement that exists around kids of famous people".
A KLM aircraft performed a go-around during its approach to Aberdeen Airport on Tuesday morning.
Aid agencies warn Friday's expected delivery could be "too little and too late" as Israeli soldiers are told to "annihilate Hamas".
In Hastings, 500 homeless families are in temporary accommodation, costing the council £5.6m this year.
Rishi Sunak holds talks in Saudi Arabia, after meeting Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu on a two-day trip.
As two pubs a day close in Wales and England, is the traditional boozer on the way out?
The government wants to streamline post-16 education, but colleges say some students could be left behind.
Experts say tensions in the Middle East and a forthcoming election season could worsen the trend if more is not done.
A new movie follows retired athlete Diana Nyad's real-life attempts to swim from Cuba to Florida.
The Indian state of Sikkim is still reeling from destruction caused by deadly flash floods on 4 October.
This year's Europe Music Awards show was scheduled to take place in Paris on 5 November.
MP Theo Clarke tells the Commons she thought she was going to die in a traumatic experience giving birth.
Sally Dynevor recalls how she thought her doctor was confusing her with her on-screen character.
Police arrest 22-year-old who is accused of posing in a shop window before taking jewellery.
The actress says she turned a blind eye because the romance was fun, but realised it was unsustainable.
The ex-Italian prime minister bought many of his 25,000 paintings from late-night telesales programmes.
RSPCA Suffolk are looking for a new home for three ferrets found abandoned in Stevenage.
Argentina are outsiders for their Rugby World Cup semi-final and New Zealand's accuracy and desire make it hard to argue with the bookmakers' odds.
Second row Maro Itoje tells his England team-mates to disregard the past and ignore the future to derail South Africa in their Rugby World Cup semi-final.
Virat Kohli scores his 48th one-day international hundred as India power to a seven-wicket win over Bangladesh.
Leading Formula 1 drivers express shock at a decision to raise the possible fine that can be imposed on competitors to 1m euros (£871,000).
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on Joelah & Keke of Radio 1Xtra's Throwback Party in this weekend's Premier League game predictions.
Replays in the third and fourth rounds of the FA Cup and two-legged EFL Cup semi-finals are expected to be scrapped as part of reforms to the English football calendar.
Watch Virat Kohli hit a six to seal India's seven-wicket victory over Bangladesh and bring up his century in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match in Pune.
Yonatan Rapoport was described as 'a lovely man' with a 'wonderful sense of humour'.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
BBC Verify’s Merlyn Thomas examines video of the explosion.
People are still recovering body parts from the Al-Ahli Arab hospital, reports Rushdi Abu Alouf.
The British government confirmed that "at least" seven people have died and a further nine are missing.
BBC Verify is analysing evidence from the Al-Ahli hospital explosion amid competing claims over responsibility.
A family take in friends and relatives to their home in southern Gaza while the Israeli air strikes continue.
In Tel Aviv, Mr Biden says Israel has a right to hit back for the Hamas attack that triggered fighting.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
We report this percentage every month but here are three things you may not know.
A second significant rise in the state pension is expected in April under what is known as the triple lock.
Palestinian families say they have been intimidated and displaced in the wake of Hamas's attack on Israel.
More downpours are forecast on Saturday as rain and wind cause three deaths and UK-wide disruption.
TUI says it is "fully assisting" air crash investigators after a Boeing 737 came off the runway.
Overturning huge majorities in Mid Beds and Tamworth shows Labour "can win anywhere", Sir Keir says.
Huge by-election swings to Labour raise parallels with Blair in 1997 but these are very different times.
Trump was fined $5,000 for the breach. But the judge has threatened jail time if it happens again.
Will Jordan scores an impressive hat-trick as seven-try New Zealand crush Argentina at Stade de France to reach a record fifth Rugby World Cup final.
Ratings agency says "predictability has been restored" following last year's mini-Budget.
The BMA says it will hold talks with the government to avert strikes by junior and specialist doctors.
The PM met Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas and Egypt's president, calling for the Gaza border to reopen.
Dame Helen Mirren leads the tributes to "a delight as a person and a consummate dedicated actress".
Jim Jordan's sudden demise shows how hard it will be for any candidate to unite the party in the House.
The parish priest said he would have acted differently had he known they were carved by children.
Some of Saturday's front pages reflect on Labour's jubilant double by-election win.
The latest Nintendo adventure follows the gang through the new Flower Kingdom.
The football idol on singing about his kung fu kick and why his debut album will be recorded live.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
As Australia marks 50 years of the Sydney Opera House, here are some of its most defining moments.
Fishing communities on this Indonesian island are locked in a battle with the government over land.
Holograms are getting better and cheaper and some think soon they will be everywhere.
The streaks of light from the debris of Halley's comet will be at their peak on Saturday.
Stars are banned from wearing outfits based on hit TV shows and films under the Hollywood strike.
The IOPC was initially not set to look at the case of a 13-year-old boy confronted by armed police.
There has been a rise in antisemitic and Islamophobic hate crimes since the Hamas attack on Israel.
The former French international threatens to sue Gérald Darmanin for accusing him of Islamist links.
Giorgia Meloni says the relationship is over after a TV show airs her partner's off-air comments.
A fall in the number of avian influenza outbreaks is welcomed by the UK's Christmas turkey farmers.
Record label 1501 Certified Entertainment say they wish Megan "the very best in her life and career".
Heavy seas, lashing rain and hair-raising landings - some of the key moments as Storm Babet hits Scotland.
Education Secretary Gillian Keegan writes to teaching unions to discuss the proposals.
Jermaine Jenas hosted the TV programme but the BBC will now be "producing even more digital content".
The Palace of Versailles, the Louvre as well as schools, airports and hospitals have been targeted.
Former England international Paul Grayson and ex-Springbok Bobby Skinstad plot a path to victory for underdogs England in Saturday's World Cup semi-final.
Ferrari's Charles Leclerc takes pole position in a tight qualifying session in the United States Grand Prix, with Max Verstappen down in sixth on the grid.
England's white-ball team returns to the scene of a memorable victory against South Africa when the two teams meet again on Saturday.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says his excellent record in the Merseyside derby will count for nothing on Saturday.
Watch highlights as New Zealand thrash Argentina 44-6 to reach their record fifth Rugby World Cup final.
Former British number one Emma Raducanu says she is constantly asking questions and challenging her coaches.
David Warner's superb 163 inspires Australia to a 62-run victory over Pakistan as they breathe life into their World Cup campaign.
Israel's defence minister says the country's long-term plan is to cut ties completely with Gaza.
BBC Arabic's Adnan El-Bursh speaks to residents in a destroyed neighbourhood in Gaza.
Israeli communities are struggling as bodies continue to be found after Hamas attacked on 7 October.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The USS Carney in the Red Sea downed missiles and drones fired "potentially towards targets in Israel".
Fears fighting could erupt between Hezbollah and Israel are seeing communities on both sides evacuate.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
Gaza's war could spread and the region is on the "edge of an abyss", Philippe Lazzarini tells the BBC.
The British government confirmed that "at least" seven people have died and a further nine are missing.
Sir Bobby Charlton, one of the key players in England's 1966 World Cup victory and a Manchester United legend, dies at the age of 86.
The regional governor Oleh Syniehubov says a further 14 people have been taken to hospital with injuries.
England fall agonisingly short of a supreme upset and a fifth Rugby World Cup final as South Africa snatch victory in Paris.
The protests come as aid deliveries reach Gaza for the first time since the Hamas attack on Israel.
Residents in eastern Scotland and other parts of the UK endured more torrential downpours on Saturday.
Video shows a tree toppling and being washed away as the Balruddery Burn is hit by Babet.
A severe flood warning meaning a "danger to life" is issued for villages on the banks of two rivers.
TV's Georgia Harrison, a violence against women campaigner, hopes to inspire young girls.
Ukrainian troops believe their advance across the Dnipro River could help them launch a larger offensive.
Crew members have been taken off Stena Spey, east of Aberdeen, after it lost anchors during Storm Babet.
The actress apologises after her remarks about a waitress's weight resurface on social media.
Unverified video of a "free Palestine" chant on the train's intercom is investigated by authorities.
Frankie Dettori claims a fairytale final win on his last British ride as King Of Steel takes the Champion Stakes at Ascot.
Sunday's papers pay tribute to one of sport's key figures after Sir Bobby Charlton died at the age of 86.
Sir Bobby Charlton was one of England's greatest footballers and symbolised Manchester United both on and off the pitch.
The country sees the most crocodile attacks in the world - and the problem could get even worse.
The BBC's Marianna Spring shares tips to help you spot what's real and what's fake on your timeline.
When drugs used in executions stopped being produced in the US, prisons turned to the UK to find a new supply.
Chloe Chong started karting on the same track as Lewis Hamilton - now she's at the same F1 race weekend.
Scientists think the newly found behaviour, called kelping, could be a form of play.
A new breed of smartphone tools are raising fresh questions about what it means to photograph reality.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Bristol's Edible Histories included the creation of a giant chocolate Concorde and a gorilla.
Intervening when a child is very young can stop mental health conditions developing, experts say.
England's World Cup defence is hanging by a thread after a horrible 229-run thrashing by South Africa in Mumbai.
A collection of behind-the-scenes images of the star by a childhood friend go on display in Deal.
Critics have branded the portraits a "vanity project" but the council says they help support artists.
The streaks of light from the debris of Halley's comet will be at their peak on Saturday.
Can a former TV personality who's vowed to blow up Argentina's central bank win Sunday's elections?
The government announces new recycling rules but critics say the system is "fundamentally broken".
David Nugent-Malone captures the ground "moving like sea" while walking his dog, Jake.
Steve Borthwick says he is "disappointed but immensely proud" after England's 16-15 World Cup semi-final defeat by South Africa.
The world of football has united in tribute to Manchester United and England legend Sir Bobby Charlton, who died on Saturday.
Diogo Dalot's superb second-half goal gives Manchester United a narrow win over Sheffield United.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen takes a lights-to-flag victory in the sprint race at the United States Grand Prix ahead of Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc.
British light-welterweight Jack Catterall eased to a unanimous points victory over veteran Jorge Linares.
Watch highlights as South Africa stage a late fightback to deny England a place in the Rugby World Cup final.
BBC Sport looks back at the life of Manchester United and England legend Sir Bobby Charlton, who has died aged 86.
The BBC's Rushdi Abualouf describes his family narrowly avoiding a drone attack - and being displaced four times in 15 days.
A joint statement from Unicef, the World Food Programme and the WHO calls the situation "catastrophic".
Intensive Israeli air strikes continue as Hamas-run health ministry says death toll passes 4,300.
Israel's pain over some 200 people kidnapped by Hamas overshadows the years of waiting for two hostages and soldiers' remains.
Palestinian families say they have been intimidated and displaced in the wake of Hamas's attack on Israel.
Influencer Dalal Abu Amneh is among those to be held in a crackdown on Gaza-linked content.
Israel confirms they received Judith and Natalie Raanan from Hamas at the Gaza boundary on Friday evening.
BBC Arabic's Adnan El-Bursh speaks to residents in a destroyed neighbourhood in Gaza.
Egypt hosts a peace summit in Cairo as the first aid convoy enters Gaza after two weeks of war.
Judith Raanan and her daughter Natalie had been abducted during Hamas's deadly raid on Israel.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
Noiya Sharabi, 16, disappeared after Hamas attacked Kibbutz Be'eri, killing her mother and sister.
As the Israel-Hamas war continues into a third week, doctors in Gaza battle to save who they can.
Unscrupulous employers and agents are charging workers thousands to plug gap in social care.
Residents of 500 Nottinghamshire homes are among those told to move, as communities across the UK endure more flooding.
Ministers maintain a new law will be brought in but Labour says they fear it could be watered down.
An outspoken anti-establishment economist has put his two main rivals on the defensive in the campaign.
Demonstrators hold photos of Israelis held in Gaza since the 7 October Hamas attacks.
Thrills and spills as kayakers use pumpkin power in a competition near the city of Antwerp.
A homeowner in Leicestershire is left bemused as his Ring doorbell alerts him to the intruders.
The Welsh Ambulance Service declares an extraordinary incident due to delays handing over patients.
Activists say morality police assaulted her for not wearing a hijab, but officials say she fainted.
Samantha Woll's body was found in a city park with stab wounds but she was probably killed at home.
Max Verstappen climbs up from sixth on the grid to win the US Grand Prix after a close battle with Lando Norris and Lewis Hamilton.
Monday's papers carry the latest on tensions in the Middle East and more tributes to Sir Bobby Charlton.
How tattoos, fingerprints and hidden numbers helped identify the Essex lorry victims.
The pop star is back with a new album and a semi-fictional memoir. But who is the real James Blunt?
Recognition for black Welsh musicians hasn't been helped by having one very famous star, says rapper.
The story of Prince's biggest-selling album in the UK, told exclusively by the people who were there.
Around 2,000 families who've fled their homes are struggling to find water, food and medication.
The UK has some of the world's most powerful tides - and is well placed to exploit their power.
Volunteers in Ukraine say it is harder to access Chinese-made drone parts after Beijing clamped down.
Kent Brushes, which makes hairbrushes for royalty, says it was tricked into giving thieves access to its account.
England have a platform to try and force their way back into the game's elite, but they must not squander the progress made in France says Matt Dawson.
It is the first time for more than 30 years that the two rivals have released games in the same week.
Many Nigerians have different names on different documents - which can be problematic for politicians.
Kuda Bux found fame after claiming he was able to read with his face covered like an Egyptian mummy.
Joseph Garrett, better known as Minecraft's Stampy Cat, broadcasts his final episode in the series.
The Mangrove Photography Awards show unique ecosystems above and below the waterline.
The actor dropped into The Woodstock Bookshop when he saw copies of his memoir in the window.
The Treasury is understood to be considering extending a low deposit mortgage scheme for a year.
Robert Jenrick says PM Rishi Sunak has the "right priorities" despite his party's by-election losses.
England flanker Tom Curry reported that South Africa hooker Bongi Mbonambi used a racial slur towards him during the Springboks' Rugby World Cup semi-final win.
Dakar wants to buy rings, watches and military decorations belonging to the nation's first president.
Coastguard aircraft and RNLI lifeboats search for the crew member off the coast at Ramsgate.
The move follows a rooftop protest by Greenpeace activists earlier this year.
Suffolk Police warn the public not to approach the men and contact officers if they see them.
The Philippines armed forces said their video showed a Chinese vessel colliding with a Philippine ship.
Bowler Reece Topley is ruled out of the rest of the World Cup with a broken finger, leaving England to ponder his replacement.
Vicky Hills says the bites were "incredibly itchy, incredibly painful" and she needed antibiotics.
Ed Currie describes eating peppers "all day long", and his record-breaking feat.
England vice-captain Courtney Lawes will retire from international duty at the conclusion of the Rugby World Cup.
The historic undisputed heavyweight fight between Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk could become part of a superstar double bill, featuring Anthony Joshua's fight against Deontay Wilder.
How has Unai Emery turned around Aston Villa's fortunes and given them a chance of achieving "something really special" this season?
Jermaine Jenas and Ben Mee analyse the new Aston Villa partnership of Ollie Watkins and Moussa Diaby.
New Zealand's Mitch Santner and Trent Boult combine brilliantly to run out India batter Suryakumar Yadav during their World Cup match in Dharamsala.
England fight off an impressive Tonga side to win the first match of their three-Test series, Tom Johnstone scoring twice in the second period.
Arsenal's Katie McCabe calls Vivianne Miedema's return "special" after the striker makes her comeback following 11 months out through injury.
British-Israeli woman calls on the UK government to do "everything in its power" to secure their release.
Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian also criticised the US for providing military support.
What is the background to the Palestinian militant group Hamas and its latest attack on Israel?
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
Israel carried out an air strike on Sunday, saying Hamas was using a mosque as a 'terrorist compound'.
Judith Raanan and her daughter Natalie had been abducted during Hamas's deadly raid on Israel.
The Israeli military screened 43 minutes of raw footage from bodycams, dashcams and CCTV.
The BBC's Adnan El-Bursch is at a hospital where children are being treated after Israeli air strikes.
A Tube driver appeared to be heard chanting "free Palestine" over the train's public address system.
Ministers say the long-promised ban will not work until the court system is reformed.
The Sherlock and Mr Selfridge actress missed last weekend's show for medical reasons.
The hip-hop billionaire is asked if he'd take a large sum of money, or a chance to listen to his own pearls of wisdom.
The man found in Marykirk, Aberdeenshire, is the third death in Scotland during Storm Babet.
A coroner has concluded Jasper's death was "wholly avoidable".
There is a call for more men in England and Northern Ireland to have access to the treatment.
Explosives placed on the pillars brought down the 135m long bridge in seconds.
Education Secretary Gillian Keegan is explaining the idea to schools in England this week.
A wax figure unveiled in Paris appeared to present the mixed race actor with a lighter skin tone.
The Guinness World Record holder, from Portugal, lived to be 31 years and 165 days old.
Hamas handing over two more Israeli hostages and flooding in Yorkshire lead the papers.
Sir David Attenborough's latest series shows animals fighting for survival amid environmental change.
Mexicans dressed as skeletons parade through the streets of the capital ahead of the Day of the Dead.
Families say shared appreciation mortgages taken out in the 1990s are now causing serious hardship.
A 2% rate on the world's wealthy could raise as much as $250bn a year, a report suggests.
Recognition for black Welsh musicians hasn't been helped by having one very famous star, says rapper.
Neil Jones spent many hours sharpening his pool-playing skills to qualify for England call-up.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir will not work in protest at the gender pay gap and gender-based violence.
The plans risk excluding some passengers from the railway, warns a committee of MPs.
Joseph Emerson faces 83 counts of attempted murder allegedly trying to turn off plane's jet's engine.
Retailers will help fund a specialist police unit to target gangs fuelling thefts in England and Wales.
Using existing drugs differently may be the biggest treatment breakthrough for decades, say scientists.
The former first minister said she had been taking lessons after stepping down as leader of the SNP.
Dave Courtney, who claimed to be an associate of the Kray twins, was found dead at his home.
A series of "stark failures" contributed to the murders of a mother and three children, a coroner says.
Abdesalem Lassoued shot dead two Swedes before a Euro 2024 qualifier game last week.
The collectable coin celebrates Raymond Briggs' classic 1978 children's book.
Comedian Jack Carroll, who will play Carla Connor's nephew, shot to fame on the talent show at age 14.
The watchdog found that presenter Martin Daubney did not challenge the Reform Party leader sufficiently.
Police say the one-year-old's death at Haven's Craig Tara caravan park, near Ayr, is unexplained.
Ange Postecoglou's Tottenham are playing bold, attacking football and their best start since the double year of 1960-61 has them top of the Premier League.
Afghanistan beat Pakistan for the first time in one-day internationals with a brilliant eight-wicket win in Chennai.
World Rugby confirms it will formally review Bongi Mbonambi's alleged use of discriminatory language towards England's Tom Curry.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Arsenal say increasing diversity is a "key priority" after the club were criticised for having no black, Asian or minority ethnic players in their women's squad photo.
Watch highlights as Afghanistan beat Pakistan for the first time in one day cricket with an eight-wicket victory in Chennai at the Cricket World Cup.
Hundreds of thousands of people told to flee south are struggling to find shelter, food and water.
A daughter killed and father abducted - and Hamas filmed the family's ordeal on Facebook live.
With the scars of past entanglements in the region still being felt, there are limits to US involvement.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
A glimpse into the lives of two people struggling to find a safe space in Khan Younis.
Stephanie Abwasi, who moved from Blackpool, is waiting to see when her family can cross to Egypt.
Yosef Guedalia "literally saved people minutes before he got shot", his brother says.
As the Israel-Hamas war continues into a third week, doctors in Gaza battle to save who they can.
Humza Yousaf says his parents-in-law are down to their last few remaining bottles of drinking water.
British-Israeli woman calls on the UK government to do "everything in its power" to secure their release.
What is the Palestinian militant group Hamas and how will Israel respond to its attack?
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Noiya Sharabi, 16, disappeared after Hamas attacked Kibbutz Be'eri, killing her mother and sister.
Yocheved Lifschitz says she was kidnapped and taken into a "spider's web" of tunnels underneath Gaza.
The BBC's Fergal Keane reports on the young lives shattered by violence.
Colleges say lower grades and more teenagers mean they are struggling to cope with compulsory resits.
Sir Ian says the theatre producer, actor, presenter and football chairman was "a unique impresario".
Michael Cohen tells a fraud trial he valued property based on "whatever number Trump told us to".
On an emotional night at Old Trafford, Manchester United pay tribute to club legend Sir Bobby Charlton in their first home game since his passing.
Video shows a trail of burnt-out cars and mangled metal caused by a "super fog" near New Orleans.
Paris's Grevin Museum says it has "remedied the skin tone" of the life-sized wax figure overnight.
Joseph Emerson tried to shut off fuel to the jet's engine after suffering a breakdown, court documents say.
Paul Bryan is standing trial for the murder of Roman Szalajko who was fatally stabbed in 1984.
The former prison was purchased for more than double the price developers bought it for a year before.
The national weather forecaster says it will conduct a "full review" after major flooding hit Suffolk.
New guidelines aim to ensure traditional dancing is "safe, comfortable and inclusive".
Just over 1,000 civilians remain in Avdiivka, focus of a bloody Russian assault in eastern Ukraine.
Fans react to Britney Spears' book, The Woman In Me, detailing her life under a conservatorship.
The government wants to end contracts with hotels for housing asylum seekers, in order to cut costs.
Katrín Jakobsdóttir is refusing to work on Tuesday in protest at the gender pay gap.
A summer of blockbuster trades, a generational talent, and the in-form stars of old - BBC Sport previews the 2023-24 NBA season.
A sign on a postbox in the village of Lewdown warns residents their mail might have "nibble marks".
The defence minister has been officially removed after not being seen in public since August.
The British Verity sank after it crashed into the Bahamian Polesie on Tuesday morning.
Steven Nelson aimed an object at officers who went to his aid at the side of a busy motorway.
The plan is part of a post-Brexit shake-up of City rules, but unions call it "obscene".
Meta, the parent company of Instagram and Facebook, is facing legal action from dozens of US states.
Fifty of the 400 hotels currently used by asylum seekers will be closed by January, says minister.
Finnish police have found an anchor on the seabed close to the damaged pipeline.
Officers found the body of 61-year-old Peter Pelling after a three-day search during Storm Babet.
The Minnesota congressman may struggle to win votes from allies of former President Donald Trump.
Families are angry at the lack of action to shut it, despite multiple concerns from police and coroners.
The band mistakenly wore vintage jerseys of the Scottish football team instead of local baseball team the Texas Rangers.
BBC Sport looks at what having more teams, more games and more flights in men's European club football could mean for the climate crisis.
The activists are ordered to carry out unpaid work for disrupting an Ashes Test match.
The carvings of human faces on the shore of the Amazon are thought to be at least 1,000 years old.
The actress expresses her "deepest regret" after withdrawing five weeks into the dance competition.
The eighth movie in the hit Tom Cruise franchise won't now be released until May 2025.
Businesses appear to be hiring less as the impact of rising prices and rates starts to bite.
Porirua residents launch a petition to stop fans blasting Dion ballads from their cars at 2am.
A fellow MP says the singling out of Mohammad Yasin was "racist and Islamophobic".
Andre Onana and Harry Maguire overcome recent criticism to help Manchester United secure their first Champions League win of the season against Copenhagen.
Gabriel Jesus scores and grabs an assist to help Arsenal win at Sevilla in the Champions League but goes off late on with a suspected hamstring injury.
Andre Onana saves a penalty in added time to give Manchester United a priceless Champions League victory against Copenhagen.
Quinton de Kock hits a stunning 174 as South Africa thrash Bangladesh on the back of another blistering batting display in Mumbai.
World Rugby announces a new competition starting in 2026 as part of a "significant overhaul" of the men's international calendar.
Watch the highlights as South Africa trounce Bangladesh by 149 runs at the Cricket World Cup in Mumbai.
Jude Bellingham continues his brilliant start to the season with another goal to help Real Madrid to a narrow Champions League win over Braga.
Our correspondents answer your questions on the conflict between Israel and Hamas.
Human rights activist Yocheved Lifschitz said 'shalom', meaning 'peace', to Hamas captor as she left.
Hamas-run ministry says deadliest Israeli strikes in war have pushed total killed to nearly 5,800.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
A father-of-four describes rockets flying overhead as he and his family flee to the border with Egypt.
What is Hamas and how is Israel responding to the deadly attack by the Palestinian group?
The national living wage is expected to go up next April, boosting two million people's pay.
"We do not rest," says ambulance driver Mahmoud Badawi as medical supplies in the Strip run low.
Two young boys in Gaza and Israel became victims of war - and then victims of social media disinformation.
Athletes Bianca Williams and Ricardo Dos Santos say they were racially profiled by officers.
Mike Johnson has been voted the new House leader. But for the divided GOP, it was not easy to get here.
David Holmes says the film will show his stunts and "attitude to life after suffering a broken neck".
The UK's largest mortgage lender expects prices to drop over the next two years, before recovering.
Hundreds of supporters held up the flags before the Champions League game against Atletico Madrid.
Some Afghan refugees promised UK visas have been waiting in Pakistan for over a year, according to charities.
Lawyers for Trump tried to undermine Michael Cohen's credibility during high-stakes fraud case.
Tim Davie was questioned by backbench Conservative MPs over the BBC's coverage of the Gaza conflict and migration.
Rep Jamaal Bowman is expected to plead guilty and pay a fine for the misdemeanour charge.
Villagers are disappointed after part of a damaged stone wall was replaced with a wooden fence.
The Australian pop star was spotted by the BBC's Jeremy Vine while cycling in central London.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza and disagreements within Labour about how to respond lead the papers.
Lack of accountability torments survivors of a Halloween crush that killed 160 people in Itaewon.
Workers from low-caste communities endure stigma and hazards as they clean sewers and septic tanks.
Athlete Bianca Williams says her family's ordeal with the Met Police has left her "on edge".
The long-awaited film of the hit videogame arrives to poor critic reviews, but will it deter fans?
Immigration Minister Robert Jenrick made a number of claims about the government's record on asylum seekers.
The actor on self-help, his terrible mistakes and why he'd make a good president if he was allowed.
Does it matter if your sporting superstars are developed in another country?
Five years after they last met, the ex-president and his self-described fixer were reunited in court.
Gwyn John took action after hearing that he was 32nd in the call queue to his former GP.
Actress Michelle Williams voicing Britney's impression of Justin's 'blaccent' takes the internet by storm.
David Kirke performed the world's first bungee jump in a top hat and tails, holding a bottle of bubbly.
The supermarket warns some packs contain the bug which can cause serious illness.
Lewis Edwards targeted more than 200 girls and blackmailed them to send sexual images.
A man says windows collapsed in his hotel as people sheltered from the storm's path.
The singer describes her bandmate's departure from the group as "traumatic" in her new memoir.
Former crypto boss Sam Bankman-Fried has decided to speak in his own defence, his legal team says.
Several patients reported serious side effects including seizures, authorities say.
Christopher McGowan murdered Claire Inglis in her Stirling flat after he was released there on bail.
Borussia Dortmund have been around the Champions League block many more times than Newcastle - and it showed, says chief football writer Phil McNulty.
It is an anomaly of the most successful period in Manchester City's European competition history that their main striker has had a goal drought during it.
Brendan Rodgers says his "terrific" Celtic side will gain belief after claiming their first Champions League point of the season against Atletico Madrid.
Andy Murray is unable to reach his first ATP Tour quarter-final since February after Tomas Martin Etcheverry fights back to win a gruelling contest in Basel.
Liam Delap and Jaden Philogene score Hull City's goals as Wayne Rooney suffers his second consecutive defeat as Birmingham City boss.
BBC Sport profiles England and Manchester United goalkeeper Mary Earps, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023 award.
Australia's Glenn Maxwell hits a brilliant 40-ball century against the Netherlands, the fastest in World Cup history - watch his best shots.
The grim old routines that had settled on this conflict have been swept away, says Jeremy Bowen.
When Avichai Brodutch began a solo vigil outside the Ministry of Defense, others began to join him.
Lianne and her daughters Noiya and Yahel Sharabi were killed during Hamas's 7 October attack.
Hospitals warn that life-saving equipment will soon stop working without fuel for their generators.
António Guterres denies he justified Hamas's attacks by saying they "did not happen in a vacuum".
Yocheved Lifschitz says she was kidnapped and taken into a "spider's web" of tunnels underneath Gaza.
The woman should seek advice if she was sacked by Wix for her political views, Ireland's leader says.
The BBC names a Tanzanian student still missing in Israel weeks after Hamas attacked civilians.
Human rights activist Yocheved Lifschitz said 'shalom', meaning 'peace', to Hamas captor as she left.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Almost 3,500 dogs in Great Britain must be kept under strict rules, data released to the BBC reveals.
Butlin's says it has strict cleaning policies in place and treatment for preventing bedbugs.
The Reigate MP confirms that he was arrested but says he is confident there will be no charge.
The White House says heavy losses and poor morale are leading to mutinies in some units.
Dragon's Den star Steven Bartlett and model Munroe Bergdorf also feature on 2024's Powerlist.
As it gets colder here are some tips to help you stay warm while trying to keep your energy bills down.
An email reveals Liz Truss wanted a group of stranded asylum seekers to be brought to the UK for their safety.
The TikTokker faces a custodial sentence after posting videos of people without their consent.
The German Bundesliga club beat Newcastle United 1-0 in Wednesday's Champions League tie.
Constance Marten and Mark Gordon are accused of manslaughter over the death of baby Victoria.
Labour's shadow chancellor admits some sections of her new book "were not properly referenced".
The Spanish World Cup winner fell off the stage at a launch event for a new footballing tournament in Mexico.
Allegations against former minister Crispin Blunt and Israel's operations in Gaza lead the papers.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
As Taylor Swift prepares to release a re-recorded version of 1989, here's a look behind the songs.
The family of Bob Violette, 76, say he died trying to protect a group of kids at the bowling alley.
After 13 years, Alan Wake's creator finally gets to release the sequel many thought wouldn't happen.
The legislation requires firms to remove illegal content but has attracted privacy concerns.
Russia's defence ministry has taken over from Wagner in recruiting inmates to fight in Ukraine.
The situation in Gaza is a test for Sir Keir Starmer's leadership of Labour, our political editor writes.
The 1978 John Lennon composition, Now and Then, has been completed with the assistance of AI.
The former BBC Radio 1 DJ is interviewed again under caution but no arrest has been made.
The government may face a judicial review after excluding outsourced workers from a one-off bonus.
The Woldehiwots had been the only family still living in their block of flats for the last two years.
Rishi Sunak warns AI could help terrorists spread fear but urges the public not to lose sleep.
Amina Noor is the first person to be convicted of assisting a non-UK person to perform FGM.
The average cost of university accommodation in England is almost level with the average maintenance loan.
Jason Breen was wing foiling in the sea when he was dragged underwater by the young mammal.
The idea came about when Shrigley heard an Oxfam shop had stopped accepting copies of Dan Brown's book.
The marble bust of an 18th Century Highland laird was lost before being found propping open a shed door.
Chris Heaton-Harris made his remarks as a senior judge ordered a review of the incident.
Kay has 6.9 million listeners after replacing Bruce in Radio 2's mid-morning slot earlier this year.
Rédoine Faïd is given another 14 years in jail for a spectacular escape involving a helicopter.
Dr Glory Valthaty was understood to have been visiting relatives with her two children and husband.
An inquiry into how an innocent man was jailed for 17 years will examine the police investigation.
Jessie and her mum put the stranded starfish in rockpools after Storm Babet washed them ashore.
David Hunter was convicted of the manslaughter of his ill wife but could be tried again for murder.
More than 300,000 people attended song contest-related events in the city in May, the council says.
Newcastle and Italy midfielder Sandro Tonali is banned for 10 months by the Italian Football Federation for breaching betting rules.
The mural painted on a listed building in Preston without planning consent can remain.
Three original lost episodes from the 1960s are found in private collections.
Organiser Emily Eavis says one 2024 headliner is almost in the bag, and she'd love Madonna to play.
England's World Cup is over, and their tournament has been a mess from the very start, with numerous issues affecting their title defence.
Liverpool enjoy the "perfect night" as they hit five past Toulouse and shake off one of the misses of the season in the Europa League.
Brighton claim a historic first win in European football against Ajax to keep alive their hopes of reaching the Europa League knockout stages.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton says more cars should be checked after races following his disqualification from the United States Grand Prix.
South Africa captain Siya Kolisi says a game of the magnitude of Saturday's Rugby World Cup final will not been seen again in "our lifetime".
BBC Sport profiles Chelsea and Australia forward Sam Kerr, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023 award.
England's World Cup future is out of their hands after they lose by eight wickets to Sri Lanka in Bangalore at the Cricket World Cup.
Qatar has a unique role leading sensitive negotiations but it comes with a huge risk.
The UN says it has enough to maintain water supplies for a day, after reducing support for hospitals.
The BBC Verify team examines the latest evidence and assessments about what may have caused the explosion.
Israel's manoeuvre has been described as "a tactical operation", meaning it was limited in scope.
Washington hopes to use a delay in Israel's incursion into Gaza to shore up protection for its interests.
The BBC's CEO of News on how it is listening to those who criticise its work, and how it's responding.
Wael Al-Dahdouh's wife and children are among those to have died at a refugee camp.
Thursday's summit is overshadowed by Hamas's war with Israel and a failure to project a united front.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
A number of Maine communities have been under lockdown orders since Wednesday's deadly shooting.
They say their routes from Pakistan are “safe”, with one claiming “hundreds” are transported daily.
Glow worms are a rare sight in the UK but one young conservationist is trying to bring them back.
Some of the UK's top timepieces will be put back to GMT this Sunday - a major task for some.
The man caught and ate a salmon to survive after nearly two weeks floating in the frigid Pacific Ocean.
England complete their Rugby World Cup campaign by overcoming a proud Argentina performance in the third-place play-off in Paris.
Scotland's first minister reacted after Elon Musk commented on an edited clip of a speech he gave in 2020.
A brash Tyson Fury leans on and prods Francis Ngannou as the pair weigh in for their heavyweight fight in Saudi Arabia on Saturday.
Keir Starmer is coming under increasing pressure to call for a ceasefire in the Israel-Hamas war.
Johnson, who stepped down as an MP earlier this year, will present and make his own programmes.
How does Taylor's Version of the hit album compare to the original, and why has she re-recorded it?
A boy is charged over chants about the Manchester United legend at a Manchester City match.
The Palestinian Red Crescent says people cannot call the emergency 101 number due to the outage.
The UN General Assembly has called for an immediate humanitarian truce between Israel and Hamas.
Israel's attacks in Gaza intensified on Friday night, and Gaza was left in darkness.
Israel and Hamas were discussing a possible ceasefire and exchange of hostages.
How is Israel responding to the deadly attack by Hamas and what does it mean by "expanding operations"?
Israeli forces are expanding ground operations in Gaza, and their ultimate goal is to dismantle Hamas.
Israeli aerial strikes on the Palestinian territory have reduced parts of the north to rubble.
Qatar has a unique role leading sensitive negotiations but it comes with a huge risk.
As the King heads for Kenya, royal links to colonialism and slavery will be under scrutiny.
Israel's ground forces "expanding operations" targeting Hamas in Gaza leads Saturday's front pages.
"Disabled people are just as sexual as anyone else," says Mared Jarman.
The BBC's tech editor, Zoe Kleinman, looks ahead to next week's AI Safety Summit, hosted by the UK.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Meet the parapsychologist investigating haunted Highland bothies and close encounters at Cold War air bases.
They were not expected to survive but Ruby and Rosie, now 11, are celebrating with five other sets.
A woman accused of fraud and kept on bail says the experience led her to try to kill herself.
The beloved leader represents a way of potentially governing China with very different priorities.
BBC News finds out the challenges faced by those trying to keep a roof over their heads.
With concert ticket prices going up and incredible demand for some shows, fake sales are increasing.
The heavily indebted company has become the poster child of the country's flailing property sector.
How the billionaire's purchase of Twitter has changed the platform and what the future may hold.
Taking decades, an intricate clean-up process has to be followed after a nuclear power station closes.
Sixteen people are sentenced for their roles in the "sophisticated" scheme at HMP Lindholme.
The US fashion brand is jointly accused with its former CEO of participating in a sex-trafficking venture.
A coroner says the infant died after a "gross failure in medical care amounting to neglect".
The two PCs were fired for gross misconduct after a stop and search of Bianca Williams and her partner.
A senior coroner tells the inquest Duangphet Phromthep's death "could not have been foreseen or prevented".
Jenni Hermoso scores a late winner for Spain against Italy in the Nations League on her return to the squad.
Patrick McCabe, 28, and Ronnie Beckett, 19, have both been jailed following the police chase.
The owner of The Range is planning to launch hundreds of Wilko shops after it bought the brand.
Former crypto boss Sam Bankman-Fried says he made many mistakes when running the cryptocurrency exchange.
A woman says she came across the ewe at the foot of a cliff two years ago before seeing it again this year.
Antisemitic and Islamophobic hate crimes recorded by Met Police have risen dramatically since 7 October.
Some people are unhappy there is no plan to have a memorial to the Ugandan guide killed in the attack.
Almost 3,500 dogs in Great Britain must be kept under strict rules, data released to the BBC reveals.
England return to winning ways in the Women's Nations League with a hard-fought victory over Belgium to boost their chances of qualifying for the Olympic Games.
Tottenham move five points clear at the top of the Premier League by continuing their superb start to the season with a win at Crystal Palace.
Mohammad Rizwan evokes memories of Jonny Bairstow's controversial Ashes dismissal by running Aiden Markram out at the Cricket World Cup but opting not to appeal.
Classy Netherlands ease to the top of Nations League Group A1 with a commanding win that leaves injury-weakened Scotland rooted to the bottom.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen heads McLaren's Lando Norris in Friday practice at the Mexico City Grand Prix.
Germany thrash Wales 5-1 in Sinsheim as Gemma Grainger's side conceded five goals for the second successive Nations League game.
A connectivity blackout means people cannot contact friends, family or even ambulances to help the injured.
The former US vice president says he has "no regrets" after ending his bid to be the Republican nominee.
WBC heavyweight champion Tyson Fury claims a controversial split decision victory against former UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou.
When former BBC correspondent Rory Cellan-Jones broke his elbow he waited days for an operation.
Princess Leonor of Spain's birthday is on Tuesday, prompting talk of what sort of royal she will be.
Descendants of 19 men hanged 123 years ago have spent decades searching for their remains.
Some residents were emotional to learn that the hunt for the man accused of killing18 people was over.
The fire service is dealing with flooding in the centre of Hastings after heavy rain.
South Africa clinch a record fourth Rugby World Cup by doing just enough to deny 14-man New Zealand and retain their crown in a helter-skelter final in Paris.
Some of the UK's top timepieces will be put back to GMT this Sunday - a major task for some.
Ash Regan MSP joins Alex Salmond's party saying the SNP has lost its focus on independence.
Jude Bellingham scores a fabulous equaliser and a 92nd-minute winner to help Real Madrid come from behind to beat rivals Barcelona.
Leicestershire Police say the officer was bitten by a dog believed to be an XL bully.
Relatives want to know whether a ground operation endangers the well-being of 229 hostages held by Hamas.
Tens of thousands of people join demonstrations across the UK demanding an end to Israel's attacks.
Gaza's health ministry, which is run by Hamas, says hundreds of Palestinians have been killed in the past 24 hours.
Former intelligence officers tell BBC it is unclear how Hamas could be kept out after Israeli forces leave.
First Minister Humza Yousaf reiterated his call for a ceasefire as thousands joined rallies in Scotland.
Hamas-run authorities say hundreds of buildings were destroyed in the past day, with 377 people killed.
The Israeli army is focusing on northern Gaza in what promises to be a very large military operation.
How is Israel responding to the deadly attack by Hamas three weeks ago?
Rushdi Abualouf reports from Khan Younis after the most intense bombing of the war so far.
The Palestinian Red Crescent says people cannot call the emergency 101 number due to the outage.
Benjamin Netanyahu declaring the war in Gaza as Israel's "second war or independence" dominates Sunday's papers.
Richard Bracey left the dark mines of the south Wales valleys in the 1940s for lighter work.
Jessie Buckley and Riz Ahmed star in Christos Nikou's intriguing drama about modern dating.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
As the King heads for Kenya, royal links to colonialism and slavery will be under scrutiny.
"Disabled people are just as sexual as anyone else," says Mared Jarman.
The parapsychologist investigating haunted bothies and close encounters at Cold War air bases.
The token grants the bearer free access to plays at the Bristol Old Vic and will be auctioned later.
Authorities deny that Armita Geravand fell into a coma after being assaulted by morality police.
Some farms say they can make £30,000 an acre by offering pick-your-own.
Scotland's first minister reacted after Elon Musk commented on a clip of a speech he gave in 2020.
The two PCs were fired for gross misconduct after a stop and search of Bianca Williams and her partner.
The Manchester derby is not a foregone conclusion given the air of uncertainty hanging over both clubs, writes Simon Stone.
Charles Leclerc leads Carlos Sainz to a sensational and surprising Ferrari one-two in qualifying for the Mexico City Grand Prix.
Watch highlights as Australia beat New Zealand on the last ball in the highest-scoring game in World Cup history.
With both Harry Kane and Jude Bellingham lighting up their leagues, who else in world football can claim to have had a better start to the season?
Hwang Hee-chan concedes a penalty and scores an equaliser as Wolves draw with Newcastle United to extend their Premier League unbeaten run to five matches
Complaints about the pitch, ruck speed, officiating and suggestions the visitors threw away the first Test added spice to second Test, which England won.
Eddie Nketiah scores his first Premier League hat-trick as Arsenal extend their unbeaten start to the season with victory over Sheffield United.
The actor, best known for playing Chandler Bing, "brought so much joy to the world", his family said.
He starred in one of the most beloved TV shows ever, but was locked in a battle with addiction.
Many of Friends' funniest scenes relied on Chandler's quick wit or social awkwardness.
Israel urges Russia to protect "all its citizens and all Jews" after a mob storms Makhachkala airport.
Lyon's Ligue 1 match at Marseille is postponed after visiting boss Fabio Grosso is "seriously injured" when his team's bus is attacked on the way to the ground.
Rachel MacLean says the bill would restore "true homeownership" but Labour says it is "thin gruel".
A major military and police search is under way for the father of Liverpool player Luis Diaz in Colombia, with the country's authorities offering a £40,000 reward for information leading to his rescue.
Sir Mark Rowley says his officers are limited by legal definitions of extremism.
Nottingham Panthers' Adam Johnson dies after suffering a cut to his neck from a skate in a Challenge Cup match against the Sheffield Steelers.
The HM Coastguard was called to Burnham-On-Sea at around 16:00 GMT on Sunday.
Avanti is to run a reduced service between London to Manchester on Saturdays until the end of the year.
Erling Haaland scores twice and Phil Foden once as Manchester City beat Manchester United comfortably in the derby at Old Trafford.
Former first minister Nicola Sturgeon is reported to have deleted messages relating to the pandemic.
Tributes paid to late Friends star Matthew Perry and the latest on the conflict in Gaza leads Monday's front pages.
The late Friends actor found he was remarkably similar to his on-screen character, Chandler Bing.
As South Africa faces economic troubles the Rugby World Cup success is a welcome distraction.
The Met Office has named the third storm of the season. Ben Rich has the details.
Richard Bracey left the dark mines of the south Wales valleys in the 1940s for lighter work.
Debbie-Lyn Connolly Lloyd says she thought a "devastating" diagnosis might end her modelling career.
Despite a drop in players and job cuts, the boss of developer Niantic insists it's not game over.
Thousands of items, including paintings and gems, are missing from galleries and museums.
Princess Leonor of Spain's birthday is on Tuesday, prompting talk of what sort of royal she will be.
"Unflappable" Jimmy turns 80 next month and is still working in intensive care at a Belfast hospital.
The token, sold at auction on Saturday, grants the bearer free access to plays at the Bristol Old Vic.
The officer later received an apology from President Petr Pavel who "simply underestimated the weight."
Brixton market has stood at the heart of this multicultural community for over 160 years.
For South Africa, a country short on good news stories, losing the Rugby World Cup final and letting down 62 million people was unthinkable.
Manchester United's campaign is resembling a dismal and rapid retreat after losing 3-0 to Manchester City, writes Phil McNulty.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen takes a dominant victory in the Mexico City Grand Prix to break his own record for wins in a single Formula 1 season.
Hosts India are laser focused on winning the World Cup - and their thumping win over England suggests a changing of the guard.
Watch highlights as England slump to another defeat, losing to India by 100 runs, as the hosts continued their unbeaten start to the Cricket World Cup in Lucknow.
BBC Sport profiles Wolfsburg and Germany forward Alexandra Popp, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023 award.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Liverpool's players show their support to absent team-mate Luis Diaz during a comfortable win over Nottingham Forest at Anfield.
People took flour, wheat and hygiene kits after storming several warehouses, a UN agency says.
People can be seen covering their mouths and noses inside the building, which is filled with smoke.
Members of Lib Dem MP Layla Moran's extended family are sheltering in a church in Gaza.
A connectivity blackout on Saturday meant people could not contact friends, family or even ambulances to help the injured.
How is Israel responding to the deadly attack by Hamas three weeks ago?
Gaza's health ministry, which is run by Hamas, says hundreds of Palestinians have been killed in the past 24 hours.
Tens of thousands of people join demonstrations across the UK demanding an end to Israel's attacks.
The BBC's Rushdi Abualouf gives an update on the situation at medical facilities across Gaza.
Israeli forces are expanding ground operations in Gaza, and their ultimate goal is to dismantle Hamas.
The cast of Friends say they are mourning the "unfathomable loss" of their fellow star on Saturday.
The party says comments made by Andy McDonald at the weekend were "deeply offensive".
Simon Case said the former PM changed direction "every day", in evidence heard by the Covid inquiry.
Hundreds stormed an airport in southern Russia on Sunday ahead of the arrival of a flight from Israel.
Ricarda Louk says a DNA sample taken from part of a skull is a match with her 22-year-old daughter.
More than £140,000 has been raised to support the two officers sacked for gross misconduct.
Andy Murray says he is "not enjoying" his tennis after suffering an agonising opening-round defeat by Australian Alex de Minaur at the Paris Masters.
The National Guard also flagged the suspect, saying they feared he would "commit a mass shooting".
Michael Sellers is believed to have stabbed 23-year-old Gracie Spinks to death then killed himself.
Russian soldiers are suspected of killing nine people, including two children, in the town of Volnovakha.
Two suspects, aged 29 and 44, presented themselves at a police station in south London on Monday.
A prolonged conflict in the Middle East would lead to much higher energy prices, the global institution predicts
An amber warning for heavy rain is in place from Monday night to Tuesday morning in Armagh, Antrim and Down.
The scaffolding went up for work to improve residents' lives but has become the stuff of nightmares.
He starred in one of the most beloved TV shows ever, but was locked in a battle with addiction.
Many of Friends' funniest scenes relied on Chandler's quick wit or social awkwardness.
It wouldn't be Halloween without the biggest stars bringing us spooky - and some not so spooky - looks.
The UK's latest storm is named after a civil servant in Northern Ireland.
The death of Adam Johnson on the ice sheds light on the risks of the fast-paced sport.
Food businesses say eco-friendly alternatives to plastic are more expensive and in short supply.
BBC Africa Eye investigates an increase in severe and sometimes deadly beatings at Kenyan schools.
A growing number of US brewers are now using GM yeast to make their beers.
Mixmups is a new stop motion animation putting disabled characters front and centre.
There were no obvious signs of trauma, LA Police said about the death of the Friends star, aged 54.
Fiancée Ryan Wolfe says Adam Johnson - whose neck was cut in a match - was her "sweet angel".
Fossil fuel emissions threaten a key climate threshold sooner than previously thought, a report says.
The platforms' owner Meta said its new subscription was about addressing EU concerns, rather than making money.
The firearms officer charged with murdering Chris Kaba is set to be named in January.
Israel urges Russia to protect Jews after furious crowd confronts passengers arriving from Tel Aviv.
Joshua Bowles, from Cheltenham, is handed a life sentence for an attack on a US government employee.
Forecasters say recent wet weather has left the ground saturated, with heavy rain expected this week.
Sgt Matt Ratana was shot by Louis De Zoysa, who had been brought into custody in south London.
A High Court judge finds 12 people to be in contempt of an injunction, after a protest on the M25.
Returns have improved, but a group of MPs says big banks are doing "as little as they can" for savers.
The elite cyclist and his wife had high-value watches stolen during a knifepoint raid at their home.
The brutal death of Lilie James has renewed a spotlight on a national "epidemic" of violence against women.
A major military and police search is under way for the father of Liverpool's Luis Diaz in Colombia, with the authorities offering a £40,000 reward.
Senior officers travelled to the UK to meet Gerry McCann earlier this year, the BBC is told.
The legendary singer treats BBC viewers to a melody and says he won't use AI in his work.
The measures have been issued less than 48 hours before the UK hosts an AI safety summit.
Former Spanish football federation president Luis Rubiales is banned from all football-related activities for three years by Fifa.
It prevents him from criticising court staff, prosecutors and possible witnesses between now and his trial.
Whitby Goth Weekend, which started in a pub in 1994, takes over the town twice a year.
A farmer has said seasonal events are so vital, he now considers himself more of an agritourism operator.
Argentina and Inter Miami forward Lionel Messi beats Erling Haaland to win the Ballon d'Or for an eighth time.
Spain and Barcelona midfielder Aitana Bonmati wins the Women's Ballon d'Or for the first time after international and club success.
Eddie Jones steps down from his position as head coach of Australia, who went out in the pool stage of this year's Rugby World Cup.
England and Real Madrid midfielder Jude Bellingham wins the Kopa Trophy for the world's best player aged under 21.
Grady Diangana and Brandon Thomas-Asante get the goals as West Bromwich Albion win the Midlands derby with Coventry City.
BBC Sport profiles Barcelona and Sweden forward Fridolina Rolfo, one of five nominees for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2023 award.
The English Ice Hockey Association (EIHA) will make neck guards mandatory from 2024 onwards following the death of Nottingham Panthers' Adam Johnson
Witnesses say a key road to the south was briefly cut, as video seemed to show a tank fire at a car.
Video shows a car moving towards a tank and making a U-turn before a blast.
Israel's military names the soldier as Pte Ori Megidish, captured by Hamas on 7 October.
How is Israel responding to the deadly attack by Hamas three weeks ago?
Footage shows three female hostages berating Benjamin Netanyahu for failing to secure their release.
Israeli forces are expanding ground operations in Gaza, and their ultimate goal is to dismantle Hamas.
People can be seen covering their mouths and noses inside the building, which is filled with smoke.
People took flour, wheat and hygiene kits after storming several warehouses, a UN agency says.
Lianne Sharabi and her two daughters were found "all cuddled together" after an attack by Hamas.
As it gets colder here are some tips to help you stay warm while trying to keep your energy bills down.
The price cap which sets typical annual household energy bills is falling slightly from October.
The former PM's handling of the virus comes under attack over six hours of testimony by aides.
"Meltdown", "liar", "embarrassing" - messages lay bare Downing Street divisions during the pandemic.
Amber alerts for wind are in place as the storm is expected to move in on Wednesday night.
King Charles acknowledged the "wrongdoings" of the colonial era during his state visit to Kenya.
A French couple cry foul after receiving only €150 for a mask that later fetched €4.2m at auction.
The musician, speaking on a podcast, also revealed that their child's due date is around Halloween.
Cheap motors made in China and exported to Europe are used on small boats, the agency's head has said.
Cdr Julian Bennett is found guilty of gross misconduct for breaching standards of honesty and integrity.
Hosting a men's World Cup has long been an ambition for Saudi Arabia writes BBC sports editor Dan Roan, but questions and intense scrutiny will remain.
Using footage from inside Hamas' tunnels, Gordon Corera explores how they could shape the war.
Air Canada did not give Rodney Hodgins a wheelchair, or any help, as he disembarked, his wife says
Five men abused two girls when they were aged 13 and 14 after giving them drugs and alcohol.
Tens of thousands of people take part in Londonderry's annual Halloween festival.
BBC Young Reporters Theo and Ben look at how teenagers use AI like ChatGPT to spruce up their schoolwork.
How Victorian Britain - and food - was changed forever by a cost-cutting mix-up at a Bradford pharmacy.
Two former key advisers to Boris Johnson discuss how Downing Street worked during the pandemic.
The dog can weigh more than nine stone (60kg) and be strong enough to overpower an adult.
Manasi Arya's childhood Halloweens inspired her to mix spooky icons with traditional Indian dress.
It wouldn't be Halloween without the biggest stars bringing us spooky - and some not so spooky - looks.
The situation in Labour is volatile and the party's fragile unity is at risk of shattering.
Before an outburst of violence, Telegram channels spread hate speech. The BBC has tracked messages inciting the public to gather at an airport where a flight from Tel Aviv was arriving.
The British Empire brutally suppressed an uprising in Kenya in the 1950s. Its victims cannot forget.
Much of the material from the government's 137 messaging groups during Covid has not been kept - but why?
There have been more than 560 mass shootings across the country so far this year.
As we load up our favourite frightfests for Halloween, the people who make them share some secrets.
Some 60 Stars of David were daubed on buildings in the 14th arrondissement of Paris.
TV watchdog Ofcom publishes research into viewers' opinions about potentially offensive content.
Michael Sellers harassed multiple other women before killing Gracie Spinks, her inquest hears.
Nottingham Panthers player Adam Johnson's neck was fatally cut by a skate during a match.
Scotland's deputy first minister says the unredacted information will be handed to the UK Covid Inquiry.
The woman, who was reportedly heard making threats to blow herself up, is in critical condition.
The cast of Friends say they are mourning the "unfathomable loss" of their fellow star on Saturday.
At a formal ceremony, the future queen promises to uphold the constitution.
The artist’s controversial depiction of an imaginary fiend had disappeared under layers of paint.
The government tells train firms to ditch the controversial closures, sparking anger from rail bosses.
Saudi Arabia is set to host the men's 2034 World Cup after Fifa confirmed it was the only bidder for the tournament.
A couple say they lost their life savings as they moved valuables from their home during Storm Babet.
The Danish brewer says it refused to enter into negotiations after its Russian business was seized.
The tech billionaire and British PM are due to broadcast a live conversation after the global AI summit.
As the cap on City bonuses is removed, the TUC trades union group calls the move "obscene"
The tailed traveller runs down the aisle then jumps up to take his place alongside other passengers.
England's defeat in Belgium leaves qualification for the Olympic Games in doubt as their weaknesses are exposed yet again.
Much-changed Scotland remain without a win and rooted to the bottom of Nations League Group A1 after their second defeat by the Netherlands in four days.
An indoor "high-tech golf league" - launched by Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy and backed by Stephen Curry and the Williams sisters - starts on 9 January.
Danielle Maxwell scores a superb equaliser as Northern Ireland draw 1-1 with Hungary in Group B1 in the Nations League at Seaview.
Middlesbrough reach the Carabao Cup quarter-finals after a thrilling 3-2 win at League One side Exeter City.
Watch highlights as Pakistan easily beat Bangladesh by seven-wickets in Kolkata to knock the Tigers out of the Cricket World Cup.
Mercedes chief technical officer Mike Elliott leaves the team after 11 years following a disappointing 2023 campaign.
Israel's PM is under pressure both to rebuild trust and secure the return of hostages.
Mr Khader was working at a hospital on 20 October when 11 of his family members were killed.
Israel's military confirmed that its jets carried out an attack on Jabalia in Gaza.
From afar, they are trying to keep track of relatives under fire and mourning the dead.
Footage released by the Israel Defense Forces shows ground troops moving through Gaza.
Amid a dramatic increase in antisemitic incidents, Jewish people in the UK say they feel unsafe.
Five-year-old Joury and 18-month-old Julia reunite in hospital after a blast in southern Gaza.
Its top diplomat has been in Washington for talks but there are limits to what it can achieve.
Gazan journalist Mahmoud Bassam risks everything to document people's suffering.
The Hamas-run health ministry says 50 people were killed, Israel says it killed a Hamas commander.
How is Israel responding to the deadly attack by Hamas three weeks ago?
Nazis forced the yellow Star of David on Jews, turning it into a deadly marker singling them out.
Schools will close and severe travel disruption is expected as 95mph winds and flooding are forecast.
About 400 people are crossing to Egypt but some UK nationals are still waiting at the border.
Former top official Helen MacNamara tells Covid inquiry women were sidelined in male-dominated No 10.
A 32-year-old man is detained after live rodents were released into restaurants in Birmingham.
Women in the team were seen as "property", and a "bystander culture" meant this went unchallenged.
The Queen joined a traditional dance in Nairobi and stopped to feed orphaned elephants.
The ex-president's eldest son cracks jokes and denies wrongdoing in the Manhattan court.
Governments must act to protect citizens from potential AI risks, prime minister tells the BBC.
EFL Cup holders Manchester United suffer another damaging defeat at Old Trafford after Newcastle knock them out in the fourth round.
Some 118 towns and villages were struck in 24 hours, the most this year, Kyiv's interior minister says.
In a widely expected move, Disney says it will buy the remaining 33% stake from TV giant Comcast.
Jamie Arnold made racist gestures towards the ex-England defender during a Wolves game in May 2021.
The Fab Four's "emotional" farewell single Now And Then is being made available on Thursday.
The obsession has sparked rivalries, inspired rituals and made humble chefs local celebrities.
It wouldn't be Halloween without the biggest stars bringing us spooky - and some not so spooky - looks.
Mandatory evacuations from the frontlines are swelling the ranks of Ukraine's displaced millions.
Performers say Spotlight's plans to offer pricier options risked pricing out working class talent.
Government borrowing costs are soaring again, raising concerns about the economy.
With a big rise in the number of firms going bust, we speak to one couple about why their business folded.
The 31-year-old was clocked driving at 78mph in a 30mph zone before the crash in Swindon.
Friends co-creator Marta Kauffman says the sitcom star was "happy and chipper" two weeks ago.
The actor is suing the Guardian, which published stories about accusations of sexual misconduct.
The England and Manchester United legend was living at a care home for patients with dementia.
Official figures show some jobs saw bigger pay rises than others with publicans and PR directors also earning more.
Video shows the man sitting on the plane's wing waiting for help, before helicopter arrives to airlift him to hospital.
Ealing Council says the library will reopen once measures have been taken to get rid of the insects.
Two men are held as police continue to investigate the chopping down of the Northumberland landmark.
Carl Barlow marks 50 years since starring in the advert on Gold Hill in Dorset.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has vowed to fight on after seeing his side thrashed by Newcastle in the EFL Cup fourth round.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta says he is "disappointed" with himself after his side are knocked out of the Carabao Cup in the fourth round following a 3-1 defeat by West Ham.
Phillipe Clement continues his unbeaten start as Rangers manager with a dominant 5-0 Scottish Premiership victory at Dundee in a disrupted and delayed game.
The story behind England's 2003 World Cup elimination, which was partly because of their decision not to play Zimbabwe in Harare.
Last season's runners-up Newcastle play at Chelsea in the Carabao Cup quarter-finals, while Liverpool face West Ham.
Eddie Jones insists he has no regrets about resigning as Australia head coach after less than a year in charge.
South Africa are on the brink of clinching a World Cup semi-final berth after crushing New Zealand by 190 runs.
Tala Abu Nahleh and her family recount their harrowing experience as they desperately try to cross into Egypt.
The BBC has analysed four strikes in south Gaza, where civilians were told to evacuate to.
The border crossing with Egypt is the only point of exit for Palestinians looking to flee Gaza.
BBC correspondent Lucy Williamson is in a home from where seven people were taken hostage in Israel.
The country's president accuses Israel of committing war crimes in Gaza and calls for a ceasefire.
How is Israel responding to the deadly attack by Hamas three weeks ago?
Millions of low-income households will receive a cost-of-living payment between now and 19 November.
Thousands have been left without power as gusts of more than 100mph and heavy rains cause widespread destruction.
Homes were damaged, cars were submerged and huge waves battered the coast.
The verdict concludes a stunning fall from grace for the 31-year-old former billionaire.
The prime minister and the tech billionaire sat down together to talk tech, education - and killer robots.
Four women have had a landmark two-in-one operation to reduce the inherited risk of ovarian cancer.
The Fab Four's "emotional" farewell single Now And Then is available for fans 45 years later.
Former NHS boss Sir Simon Stevens tells the Covid inquiry the "horrible dilemma never crystallised".
Their outfits may have been co-ordinated but their demeanour on the stand was starkly different.
The supermarket says people who used to shop only at the discounters are now coming to Sainsbury's too.
The decision is taken after some people did not realise their profiles had been removed, organisers say.
Apple says that sales have dropped for the fourth quarter in a row despite a boost from iPhones.
The UK is expected to see zero growth until 2025, but the Bank says it's too early to cut interest rates.
Alexandra Gregory told her ex-partner she had given birth to a very ill daughter, the court hears.
Potential rescuers have been pondering the challenges of reaching the stranded animal.
The use of artificial intelligence appears to have a significant gender imbalance.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 5.25%, but borrowing costs remain comparatively high.
Journalists are kept at bay as crowds mourn Li Keqiang, who in death poses a challenge to Xi Jinping.
In the Western Balkans, smuggler gangs are engaging in deadly shootouts as migrant numbers keep rising.
A new project is helping disabled musicians to play specially-designed virtual instruments.
The ethereal singer-songwriter and "pagan time travel tourist" on making music for a changing world.
A rejuvenated main opposition has intensified protests ahead of general elections in January.
The future of what was billed as a game-changing pact between Africa and the US is in the balance.
The TV presenter and writer welcomed daughter June Violet with her partner, comic David Mitchell.
An eyewitness filmed the moment the woman approached the cockpit at Canberra airport in Australia.
The US comic becomes the only woman and youngest host of the coveted US TV late-night show slots.
New residents in a Bernese Alpine village object to the traditional sound of rural Switzerland.
An Australian woman is in custody after the deaths of three people at a lunch she served in July.
The Prince and Princess of Wales rode bikes around a track with obstacles.
The Schitt's Creek star dressed as Johnny Depp with a friend, who posed as his ex-wife Amber Heard.
Seychelles company linked to Putin’s inner circle exploited UK loophole for hundreds of firms, BBC finds.
Royal Mail has released picture of this year's Christmas stamps. They're inspired by Christmas carols including Silent Night and We Three Kings.
The US singer says she is "soooo beyond excited" to be part of the hugely successful franchise.
Jessica O'Reilly was asleep at her home in Jersey when the sound of Storm Ciarán woke her.
The size of the group of migrants which set off from Mexico's southern border on Monday is increasing.
Shubhneet Singh was criticised for allegedly holding up a hoodie with imagery supporting Sikh separatism.
Researchers say younger generations use three main accents, including "multicultural London English".
Lucy Hawking gives a speech to pupils in Cambridge on creating a better world for the future.
Scottish graduates are seeing their student loan debt rising at a rate of 6.25% a year.
He testified that he knew nothing about the alleged financial fraud that now threatens the family's property empire.
Cognitive skills, such as memory, waned - possibly linked to stress, loneliness and alcohol, study shows.
The pharmaceutical firm, Afi Farma, has been linked to the deaths of more than 200 Indonesian children.
Adam Johnson, 29, died after his neck was cut by a skate during a match.
Manchester United's ownership situation needs a quicker resolution to bring greater clarity to Erik ten Hag's position, numerous sources connected to the club tell BBC Sport.
Hosts India reach the semi-finals of the Cricket World Cup by thrashing Sri Lanka by 302 runs in Mumbai.
Luis Manuel Díaz was seized by armed men at a petrol station on Saturday in his Colombian hometown.
Anthony Joshua could fight MMA star Francis Ngannou in a boxing match, according to promoter Eddie Hearn.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on singer-songwriter & Chelsea fan Willie J Healey in this weekend's Premier League predictions.
Watch highlights as India dismiss Sri Lanka for just 55 to secure a World Cup semi-final spot in Mumbai.
Fernando Alonso makes it clear he is annoyed with claims that he could switch to Red Bull from Aston Martin and says there will be "consequences".
The BBC's analysis editor examines calls for a ceasefire or humanitarian pause between Israel and Hamas in Gaza.
Ditza Heiman, 84, is being held in Gaza and her daughter wants Israel to find a diplomatic solution.
Israel says its troops have encircled Gaza City and is facing Hamas fighters emerging from tunnels.
"How can you hate a child?" asks Yoni Asher, whose two-year-old and four-year-old were taken by Hamas.
A Tanzanian student tells the BBC how a timetable change stopped him being taken hostage with his friends.
M&S says sorry after a backlash claiming its advert depicted Palestinian flag colours in flames.
Suspended Labour MP accuses Tory of defamatory statement about his speech at pro-Palestinian rally.
How is Israel responding to the deadly attack by Hamas three weeks ago?
There are few known quantities in the conflict but some things have become clear, says Jeremy Bowen.
The US military said the drones, first spotted by journalists, were searching for hostages.
Bob Stewart told an activist to "go back to Bahrain" during a row outside the Foreign Office.
A fund "driven by his passion for making a difference" is set up in the late Friends star's name.
A re-recorded version of Swift’s 2014 pop opus more than doubles the first-week sales of the original.
The former PM says only a vaccine or drugs - unavailable at the time - could have averted the curbs.
Storm Ciarán brought the heaviest rain to hit Tuscany in 50 years, with more forecast for the weekend.
The storm left around 150,000 homes without power, while hurricane-force gusts were recorded in Jersey.
Rishi Sunak says there is a risk war memorials such as the Cenotaph in London could be "desecrated".
A Home Office memo concluded housing asylum seekers on RAF Scampton represented "marginal" value for money.
Natalie Mottram told a criminal friend how police had infiltrated the EncroChat messaging platform.
In a first interview since becoming GCHQ's director, Anne Keast-Butler shares her AI concerns.
The airport says cars parked inside the burnt-out multi-storey "are not recoverable".
Soaring numbers of illegal migrants is sharpening a growing debate about migration in Germany.
Eric and Donald Trump Jr tried to shift blame, while their lawyers feuded with the New York judge.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The dishevelled former wunderkind fooled Silicon Valley and stole billions from customers, a court found.
The franchise marks two decades since it launched with a new owner and questions over its future.
The Bryant family continue to search for answers after their son vanished without a trace in 2013.
Anthony Albanese's visit marks the end of a diplomatic deep freeze that saw "shots fired" by both sides.
The body that prosecutes illegal lenders warns people are turning to loan sharks to pay food and energy bills.
Fishermen in Scotland and Indonesia are trialling new technology to improve their catch.
Marcus Rashford's birthday celebrations after Manchester United's 3-0 derby defeat were "unacceptable" and the forward has apologised, says Erik ten Hag.
Lisa Marie Presley complained that a new film would make Elvis out as "a predator and manipulative".
Matthew White named his earlier victim as "Stephen" as he tried to stab a black man, the BBC can reveal.
Authorities say they need to stop a dangerous population explosion among the invasive species.
The snackable sovereign is made from marshmallows and chocolate.
A Jack Russell in Suffolk has taken on six kittens, cleaning and feeding them her own milk.
The Savage rapper releases her first solo song since Tory Lanez was jailed for shooting her.
Gavin Plumb is accused of soliciting to murder and incitement to kidnap the TV presenter.
Detectives say the theft of historical military items was "audacious" and well organised.
A gardener is now banned from wearing a black bodysuit or face covering in public until 2028.
In a case filed at New York's Supreme Court, the woman says she suffered "severe emotional distress".
Leeds United end Leicester City's nine-game winning run in the Championship with an impressive victory at the King Power Stadium.
Red Bull’s Max Verstappen beat Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc to pole position in a rain-affected qualifying session at the Sao Paulo Grand Prix.
Chelsea boss Emma Hayes says she is "proud" of midfielder Fran Kirby for speaking out on body image issues in women's football.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Roy Keane's claim that his on-pitch conversations with players is "all for show".
James Bessey-Saldanha scores in "magical moment" to give Sheppey United 1-0 lead over Walsall.
Novak Djokovic continues his bid for a record-extending seventh Paris Masters title by beating Holger Rune to reach the semi-finals.
Sale Sharks go top of the Premiership by beating Gloucester as England fly-half George Ford and captain Ben Curry return for the hosts.
The group's leader denied prior knowledge of Hamas's attacks in Israel and left out the possibility of joining the war.
Israel said it hit an ambulance it said was carrying Hamas operatives without specifying where.
A journalist working for Palestine TV was killed in a strike on Gaza, his network said.
From surgeons to young children, these are some of the people known to have been killed in Gaza.
Hassan Nasrallah, the leader of Hezbollah, has praised the Hamas attacks on Israel.
So far its response has been contained, but fears remain its involvement may widen the conflict.
Suspended Labour MP accuses Tory of defamatory statement about his speech at pro-Palestinian rally.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 5.25%, but borrowing costs remain comparatively high.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but remains well above the 2% inflation target.
One of Russia's goals is to draw global attention away from the war in Europe, says Ukraine's president.
Special forces are deployed after reports that an armed man with a child drove through an airport gate.
Ice hockey fans and mourners come together in memory of 29-year-old Adam Johnson.
Members of a French coastal town are campaigning to re-open a road connecting it with Spain.
The new monarch's big moment will also be a chance for Rishi Sunak to try to revive his government.
Protesters call for a "ceasefire now" and an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories.
Thousands attend 5 November celebrations in the historic East Sussex town.
The home secretary is proposing new laws, arguing that rough sleeping in tents is a "lifestyle choice".
A private funeral was held in Los Angeles for the actor, attended by family and his Friends co-stars.
One local man describes the damage to his home as 'catastrophic'.
Businesses could be breaking the law by failing to make payment machines accessible.
The sheep was stranded beneath cliffs on a remote Scottish shoreline for at least two years.
The ongoing conflict in Gaza, and the repercussions back in the UK continue to dominate the news.
Use our interactive lookup tool to find out how pay has changed in your job.
A new 15,000-capacity clubbing space has opened in what was formerly Ikea's flagship UK store.
Gail Moss recalls the night the Fab Four stayed at her family home in Halifax.
Molly Manning Walker's debut feature follows three teenagers abroad whose holiday turns sour.
In 2019, the BBC met an Afghan trapped in a refugee camp. Four years later, he writes his own story.
A picture emerged of a dysfunctional, divided No 10 - a timely reminder of events in November 2020.
Experts explain why just thinking about bedbugs can leave us feeling itchy.
Australia's Anthony Albanese is in Beijing this weekend for the first such trip in seven years.
The James Webb observatory records the giant jets and shocks created by a birthing star in Orion.
Rebecca Keatley is seeing her work in a new light as she prepares to become a parent this winter.
Rescuers are digging through the rubble for survivors after the quake in a remote part of Nepal.
Bob Stewart was found guilty of a racially aggravated offence after telling a man to "go back to Bahrain".
The actor says the film industry should "set a precedent" on the use of artificial intelligence (AI).
England's World Cup defence is over as old rivals Australia add the final nail with a 33-run victory in Ahmedabad.
Police believe a woman fell from the window of a flat where the attack began.
David Berglas has been described as one of the most prominent magicians of the 20th Century.
Moussa Dadis Camara is back in prison after he and three others were broken out early on Saturday.
The allegation came after Rangers travelled to Dens Park to play Dundee FC on Wednesday evening.
Fiji international Api Ratuniyarawa, 37, is charged with sexually assaulting three women in Cardiff.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta calls the video assistant referee's decision to allow Newcastle's goal in their 1-0 win "embarrassing" and a "disgrace".
England's swagger has gone over the past four weeks as Australia happily strike the final blow to their World Cup defence in Ahmedabad.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen enjoys a comfortable victory in the Sao Paulo Grand Prix sprint race after passing Lando Norris at the start.
Emma Hayes will go down as one of Chelsea's greatest managers when she leaves the club at the end of the season - and her role in helping grow the Women's Super League must not be forgotten.
Harry Kane's incredible start to life at Bayern Munich continues with his third Bundesliga hat-trick in an impressive win at Borussia Dortmund.
Jeremy Doku produces a sparkling performance as Manchester City move to the top of the Premier League by thrashing Bournemouth at Etihad Stadium.
Their exit has been halted in a dispute over evacuating injured patients, Palestinian sources say.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Amani left her family in Gaza to study in the UK just days before the war broke out. Now she watches anxiously.
Over three frantic days, Antony Blinken tried to find middle ground where none exists, for now.
The family of Scotland's first minister is reunited after his wife's parents spent weeks trapped in Gaza.
Projects will have to meet net zero targets, under the proposals to be outlined in the King's Speech.
About 100 young people threw firebombs and fireworks at riot police in Edinburgh.
Colombian-born Liverpool footballer Luis Díaz begs for his father's kidnappers to free him immediately.
Technical issues are blamed as thousands have been without water since Saturday afternoon.
President Zelensky demands answers after Russia hits Ukrainian soldiers said to be at an award ceremony.
Largest UK medical research project will be used to change the way diseases are tackled.
The AI tool, designed to have a cheeky tone to its writing, is not yet widely available.
Attiq Malik was recorded in 2021 ending a speech with the chant "from the river to the sea".
Red Bull's Max Verstappen takes a controlled victory in the Sao Paulo Grand Prix to extend his record for wins in a season to 17.
Animal rights activists protest at a farm park which was planning to look after the rescued ewe.
Protests over fighting in Gaza and calls to ban them over Remembrance weekend lead many papers.
A year ahead of the US presidential election, and anything could happen.
The meteoric rise of a Nigerian Afrobeats star prepared to hustle his way to global domination.
Members of a French coastal town are campaigning to reopen a road connecting it with Spain.
More than 12,000 staff were made redundant when Wilko closed - for some, finding a job has been tough.
David Holmes pays tribute to the late star, as well as Andy Weatherall and refugees, on his new LP.
Thousands of health workers who were excluded from a bonus will now get the payment, ministers say.
A quarter of a million mothers with children under four have left their jobs, the Fawcett Society says.
The deadline means people with non-British family who need to apply for UK visas risk overstaying.
Videos show thick plumes of smoke blocking the view with the stadium saying it is investigating.
The freed British Iranian national says the UK should call for the release of Jagtar Singh Johal from jail in India.
It follows reports an ex-Conservative chairman wrote to police with concerns over handling of complaints.
Rebecca Keatley is seeing her work in a new light as she prepares to become a parent this winter.
The company says it has been a "distressing time" and its thoughts are with the boy's family.
Luis Diaz comes off the bench to salvage a point for Liverpool with a stoppage-time goal at Luton in his first match since his parents were kidnapped.
In Kolkata, the City of Joy, the whole of India celebrated Virat Kohli's birthday, his record-equalling one-day hundred and another stop on their march towards glory.
Manchester City manager Gareth Taylor accuses Arsenal boss Jonas Eidevall of "bullying" the fourth official during their WSL match on Sunday.
Captain James Tavernier scores twice as Rangers eased past Hearts to book a Viaplay Cup final date against Aberdeen on 17 December.
Cray Valley Paper Mills bridge a 117-place gap to earn a replay at League One side Charlton Athletic in the first round of the FA Cup.
Rachel Williams scores a dramatic stoppage-time equaliser to earn Manchester United a point against Brighton in the Women's Super League.
Novak Djokovic wins a record-extending seventh Paris Masters trophy and 40th Masters title in total with a 6-4 6-3 victory over Grigor Dimitrov.
The Hamas-run health ministry says at least 45 people died in what it says was an Israeli air strike.
The Rafah crossing remains shut after a brief reopening to allow foreign nationals and injured out.
Judge Arthur Engoron told Mr Trump's legal team to "control him" as he gave evidence in Manhattan.
The address, part of the State Opening of Parliament, details the government's plans for the coming months.
Deputy political leader Moussa Abu Marzouk says Hamas will release hostages only if Israel stops fighting.
Anastrozole, used for many years to treat breast cancer, has now been licensed as a preventative option.
Chelsea beat nine-man Tottenham in a frantic, chaotic Premier League match full of drama and controversy.
The service is expected to start in selected stores ahead of the peak Christmas delivery season.
Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni says she will defend Indi Gregory's life until the end.
The force says there is a risk of violence and disorder around demonstrations in London.
The ex-PM used the term while discussing easing lockdown rules in January 2021, the Covid Inquiry heard.
Ministers hope minimum service levels for trains, ambulances and border security will start by Christmas.
The centres will be able to process more than 30,000 asylum seekers a year, Italy's PM has said.
The Last Dinner Party are being tipped for great things, but they say the praise can come at a cost.
They're often seen as "dangerous, feckless and disinterested", but one charity's trying to change that.
Shelling forces thousands to leave their homes as fighting along the front line intensifies.
Isla Grist, who has a rare skin condition, meets fundraiser Graeme Souness after she travels to London for treatment.
We take a look at the measures that might feature in the government's law-making plans for this year.
Homeless and sleeping in the cold outdoors, Nepal's earthquake survivors appeal for assistance.
Karen Cooper, whose brother killed their father, wants more support for people bereaved by homicide.
The exhibition features nine pieces, including a hat modelled on a giant ice cream sundae.
America is using its own money to send weapons to a place it officially doesn't recognise.
As the studio celebrates its 20th edition, the people that make it tell the BBC how it has changed.
"Just answer the questions," says the judge as the ex-president accuses him of bias in the $250m trial.
Barbra Streisand tells the BBC's Mark Savage how she got Apple's digital assistant Siri to pronounce her name correctly.
A delayed pilot scheme will be up and running next year and should make booking tickets easier.
The special device stimulates nerves in Marc's spine, helping the 63-year-old walk again with confidence.
A top curator is accused of breaking a controversial law that restricts materials for under-18s.
STAYC members made headlines after they accidentally wore retro Rangers tops during a gig in Texas.
The Night Cafe band members say they are "devastated" by the death of their "childhood best friend".
The 90-year-old's family said she had died peacefully in the early hours of Sunday at their home in Scotland.
Meanwhile, about 100 protesters are arrested after slow marching in the road at Whitehall in London.
Members of the first minister's family have reunited in Scotland after his wife's parents escaped Gaza.
Narges Mohammadi is being denied medical care in jail for refusing to wear a hijab, her family says.
Mohammed Abbkr targeted two elderly men after following them at the end of prayers in the mosques.
The rare phenomenon illuminates skies across the north-east of England and parts of Scotland.
British Steel confirms a plan to close two blast furnaces at its Scunthorpe plant.
The working, 18-carat gold toilet - called America - was stolen from the stately home in 2019.
The firm promised change in 2020, but the BBC has filmed staff squeezing suppliers after deals were agreed.
The rebel group holding the father of Luis Diaz hostage demand "security guarantees" before his release.
Largest UK medical research project will be used to change the way diseases are tackled.
PM urges anyone with evidence to go to the police but defends Conservative Party complaint procedures as "robust".
Michael Chadwell was in a WhatsApp group with other ex-officers, where racist messages were sent.
Tottenham's unbeaten Premier League run came to an end in chaotic fashion but loss leaves Ange Postecoglou with a mountain of unexpected problems, writes Phil McNulty.
Bangladesh's three-wicket win over Sri Lanka is overshadowed by Angelo Mathews' controversial timed out dismissal in Delhi.
Justine Blainey earned a spot on an ice hockey team but could not play - so she went to the Supreme Court of Canada. This is her story.
Which Premier League players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Watch highlights as Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by three wickets following Angelo Mathews' controversial dismissal in their World Cup match.
Gary Neville says Arsenal's call for urgent action on the standards of refereeing in the Premier League is "dangerous".
Iga Swiatek thrashes Jessica Pegula to win the season-ending WTA Finals with a victory that takes her back to the top of the women's rankings.
The BBC's Fergal Keane reports on the children suffering in Gaza, and the impact the war is having on them.
Adva Ada's 85-year-old grandmother was taken into Gaza on a golf cart after her kibbutz was attacked.
Israel started bombing the Palestinian territory after coming under attack from Hamas on 7 October.
An Israeli and Palestinian set up a group to share experiences of life in Gaza. And then the war broke out.
A Belfast-born man whose wife was killed in Gaza is hoping to get his two young children to safety.
The BBC's Gaza correspondent Rushdi Abualouf was talking to Radio 4's World At One.
'We are struggling to get credible information', says the BBC's Rushdi Abualouf.
Jordan has airdropped urgent medical and pharmaceutical aid to the Jordanian field hospital in the Gaza Strip.
Labour's Imran Hussain says his view on Gaza "differs substantially" from that of leader Sir Keir Starmer.
The government outlines its plans ahead of the next general election in the King's Speech.
Now a class C drug, possession for recreational use will carry a prison sentence of up to two years.
A teenage boy has been arrested in connection with the incident outside a Leeds school, police say.
About 100 people were injured when the Saga ship was caught in a storm in the Bay of Biscay.
A London church thundered with applause as friends and colleagues remembered the BBC newsreader.
The former PM suggested being injected with the virus on TV would calm public fears, an ex-adviser says.
Thousands are due to attend a London march, planned for Armistice Day, calling for a Gaza ceasefire.
The King's Speech promises a crackdown on vaping aimed at children.
Previous chief constable Simon Byrne resigned in September following a series of crises.
No mention of legislation on e-scooters in the King's Speech but trials will be extended to 2026.
Lynne Fuller was working on Aldi's checkout when her boyfriend surprised her with a proposal.
Fflyn Edwards says it was annoying wearing his red wig while filming in the Spanish heat.
Crime and policing measures dominate the government's law-making plans for the year ahead.
The academic who discovered the letters said reading them was "very emotional".
King Charles delivered his first King's Speech in a historic ceremony full of unusual traditions.
Tottenham's unbeaten Premier League run came to an end in chaotic fashion but the loss leaves Ange Postecoglou with a mountain of unexpected problems, writes Phil McNulty.
Charles delivered the King's Speech as part of the State Opening of Parliament on 7 November 2023.
The former president testified in the New York fraud trial against him, remaining indignant on the stand.
Tech firms are testing artificial intelligence that can negotiate contracts without the need for humans.
The Prince of Wales strikes a note of optimism, saying hope remains over tackling the climate crisis.
Passenger Alan Grisedale says the swell knocked his wife over and moved furniture in their cabin.
Europe's Euclid telescope begins its quest to map the cosmos and reveal its missing components.
Serena Williams is the first-ever athlete to win the Council of Fashion Designers of America award.
Record low yields this year are due to bad weather in many of the world's biggest producers.
Over 30,000 bronze coins, possibly from a 4th Century shipwreck, have been found off the coast of Italy.
The tornado that hit during Storm Ciarán is confirmed as the strongest on record to hit the Channel Islands.
The home secretary is hoping a crackdown on tents will be part of plans to tackle rough sleeping.
Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw, the star of The Escapist's videogame review series, quits the website in protest.
Paul Bryan is found guilty of stabbing Roman Szalajko to death after being on the run for 39 years.
James Riley, an officer with Lancashire Police, pleads guilty to trying to kill a woman in Manchester.
Jim Henderson, 78, says he was punched and kicked during a pro-Palestinian rally at Waverley Station in Edinburgh.
Unauthorised spa set to be demolished within three months after Planning Inspectorate rejects appeal.
Erling Haaland is so good, he now has players asking for his shirt at half-time.
Celtic lose a goal and a player early on in a damaging 6-0 Champions League defeat away to Atletico Madrid.
Newcastle's hopes of reaching the knockout stages of the Champions League are dented as they fall to defeat at Borussia Dortmund.
Where does Australia batter Glenn Maxwell's stunning 201 not out to beat Afghanistan rank among the greatest men's ODI innings?
Wayne Barnes says people "don't see the human side of refereeing" as he describes the abuse he and his family faced following the World Cup final.
Watch highlights as Glenn Maxwell battles through injury to produce one of the greatest innings of all time, finishing 201 not out as Australia beat Afghanistan to secure a place in the World Cup semi-finals.
Caster Semenya tells the BBC she is "not going to be ashamed" of being "different", and will "fight for what is right" amid her ongoing dispute with athletics authorities.
For several hours, hundreds of people were on the move, some on carts pulled by donkeys but most on foot.
As the war rages, the focus for many in Israel is ensuring the safe return of more than 200 hostages.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Thomas Hand has fresh hope that his daughter, who was thought to be dead following the Hamas attacks, is alive.
The government's staunch support for the Palestinians is criticised by leaders of the Jewish community.
Emily Hand's family feared the eight-year-old was dead but it is now thought she is a hostage in Gaza.
Adva Adar's 85-year-old grandmother was taken into Gaza on a golf cart after her kibbutz was attacked.
Republicans introduce two motions to punish the congresswoman for her comments on the Israel-Hamas war.
As it gets colder here are some tips to help you stay warm while trying to keep your energy bills down.
A basic guide to how the economy is measured and why that calculation matters.
IDF soldiers showed the BBC what they called a Hamas weapons factory, under a home where children lived.
Thousands of protesters are due to march through London calling for a ceasefire in Gaza on Armistice Day.
Ofcom reveals its new draft guidance for fighting child abuse and other illegal material.
Every police force in England and Wales has reported domestic-abuse victims to Immigration Enforcement.
The Princess of Wales also met regimental mascot Emrys Jones, a Welsh Mountain Pony.
In a blistering attack, the former PM says Rishi Sunak is offering voters "nothing to rally behind".
A pregnant woman and three children were among at least 27 people who died when a boat sank in 2021.
Manchester United's faltering season suffers another blow as Marcus Rashford's red card contributes to a dramatic Champions League defeat by FC Copenhagen.
At least one person is said to have been killed when a missile hit a ship entering the port of Odesa.
Michael Matheson said he was using the device for constituency work while on holiday in Morocco.
Kmart removed the festive-themed bag from sale after a Jewish group raised the likeness to Hamas.
The 42-year-old's responses in a fraud trial against her father frustrate a lawyer questioning her.
Isabel Walton, who spends her day with dead bodies, is trying to challenge funeral industry stereotypes.
The story of Adam Neumann and the rise and fall of WeWork reads more like a parable than a business story.
The Doctor Who star says the playwright "had a particular sense of what it is to be a human".
She has kept a low profile since Trump left office - then she was called to testify in a fraud trial.
English football is getting an independent regulator - will the Scottish game be regulated by proxy?
The MP's decision to quit his post over the party's Gaza ceasefire ups the pressure on Keir Starmer.
A biologist says while unusual, cross-species adoptions happen when animals respond to certain cues.
With Tube stations being added to Street View, where else in the city is already virtually viewable?
World Cup final referee Wayne Barnes reveals "vile" social media abuse towards him and his family "crossed a line" and he says those responsible should be punished.
Carol Vorderman broke BBC guidelines with vocal attacks against the government on social media.
The King visits "Korea Town" in New Malden, which claims to have Europe's biggest Korean population.
Screenwriter Dustin Lance Black was accused of assaulting BBC Three presenter Teddy Edwardes.
Daisy the dog "went berserk" and led her owner to where missing cat Mowgli was stranded.
Workers will vote on a pay deal that could halt 18 months of disruptive strike action.
Facial recognition was also used to search for terrorists, a police and crime commissioner says.
The fire ripped through the historic hangar in California, which has also been used for TV and films.
There was "absolutely nothing we could do but sit back and watch", the company who shared the video said.
Lloyd's of London says it will invest £40m in helping communities impacted by the slave trade.
The EU's executive praises Kyiv's "excellent progress" and EU states will make a decision next month.
Ballymena United manager Jim Ervin and Coleraine counterpart Oran Kearney had contrasting fortunes of agony and ecstasy in a marathon penalty shootout at the Warden Street Showgrounds on Tuesday.
Schools in the Indian capital have shut as air pollution there rises to alarming levels.
The Snowfall actor and model say they want to focus on their own lives, but will stay friends.
The producer was criticised for saying Justin Timberlake should "put a muzzle" on his ex-girlfriend.
Xolidayboy is the latest internet celebrity to be targeted for alleged unpatriotic views.
Seven goals, two penalties and a "game-changing" red card - VAR dominates again as Manchester United lose in Copenhagen.
Leandro Trossard and Bukayo Saka score as Arsenal claim a comfortable victory over lacklustre Sevilla in their Champions League Group B tie at Emirates Stadium.
Ben Stokes again shows why he is England's ultimate team player with a superb century in the victory over the Netherlands.
Lionesses manager Sarina Wiegman believes it is "a matter of time" before a female manager takes charge of a professional men's team in England.
Claressa Shields grew up without support, protection or a bed to call her own. She has since scaled the heights to bring joy to Flint, a city that has become a byword for a broken American dream.
Formula 1's governing body postpones the hearing into the Haas team's attempt to change the results of the United States Grand Prix.
Watch as England's Joe Root is bowled through his legs by Netherland's Logan van Beek for 28 in their Cricket World Cup match in Pune.
An extraordinary warning call to a Palestinian dentist starts the panicked evacuation of a Gazan neighbourhood.
BBC Verify has been looking at video, listening to eyewitnesses and analysing satellite images.
Two men say Egypt sent them back to a warzone after they waited for days at the Rafah crossing.
The BBC's Orla Guerin spoke with Sheikh Naim Qassem, second-in-command of the Lebanese Shia Islamist group.
Renana Jacob says the last time she spoke to her son, he was telling attackers he was "too young" to be taken.
Michigan Democrat defends pro-Palestinian "river to sea" chant as an "aspirational call for freedom".
Both antisemitic and islamophobic abuse is rising at universities, experts tell the BBC.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is set to unveil the government's tax and spending plans.
The home secretary is facing questions about her future over her incendiary article about protests.
The home secretary's latest incendiary intervention puts pressure on Rishi Sunak to take action.
A black BMW convertible is brought to a stop by a number of police cars, and the driver is arrested.
Rachel Zegler was among the cast at the first blockbuster launch since Hollywood actors ended their strike.
Chase Graham Robinson claims she was abused, underpaid and treated like De Niro's "office wife".
The Strictly star completes her eighth and final round of chemotherapy to treat her breast cancer.
Teacher Farida and Khalid, a medical supplier, describe life in Gaza, besieged and under attack.
A team of more than 140 surgeons in New York successfully performed the procedure on Aaron James.
Claimant Jamie Scott suffered suffered severe brain injury after having the Covid jab in April 2021.
Booths says removing its self-service checkouts is the right thing to do and what customers want.
Anthony Daniels, who played C-3PO, could sell the famous gold helmet he wore at auction for £1m.
Police investigating Mr Henry's disappearance on 15 October have found a body in the boot of a car.
The claim comes after a BBC investigation exposed a toxic workplace culture at the fast food chain.
Speculation whirls around the identity of the man the ex-Tory MP claims controls British politics.
Pedro Sánchez's agreement is attacked by conservatives in Spain as opening a back-door to tyranny.
The US chat show host's support of the pūteketeke is creating an international PR battle.
Study shows that rising temperatures will boost lightning as the main source of fires in northern forests.
The president warns the country could break apart after the army's biggest setback since its 2021 coup.
The members of Tor Band have been given long jail terms after their songs became a symbol for dissent.
The island has already shrunk slightly as waves hit the "crumbly" formation.
The Police frontman says everything he has achieved in life "was dreamt up" on North Tyneside.
The famous tree dates back to 17th Century Ghana and was reportedly planted by a renowned priest.
Police say the man was found with a serious head injury after his car was pulled over by officers.
Michael Matheson racked up an £11,000 roaming bill on his parliamentary iPad during a holiday to Morocco.
Manchester United reveal details of the commemorations marking the life of the legendary footballer.
Some said the ad, starring a Venus flytrap, was "scary", but others said it offered light relief.
The founder of controversial firm Omegle said the site was no longer "psychologically" sustainable.
Major films and TV shows will resume work after a four-month impasse that paralysed the industry.
Chris Harris says Andrew Flintoff had a "serious" crash while filming for the show last December.
Scale of problem revealed for first time in England with some waiting for as many as five treatments.
The Roman Catholic Church says priests can baptise trans people so long as it does not cause "scandal".
There were some heated exchanges on Ukraine and China, but strict moderation limited direct clashes.
Jurgen Klopp is angered by Liverpool's performance in their Europa League defeat at Toulouse - and the noisy home fans drowning out his media conference.
West Ham move a step closer to reaching the Europa League knockout stages with a narrow victory over Olympiakos at London Stadium.
Brighton boost their hopes of reaching the knockout stages of the Europa League with a comfortable win over a youthful Ajax side in Amsterdam.
Rangers strengthen their hopes of progressing to the Europa League knockout stages as they survived a nervy finish to beat Sparta Prague at Ibrox.
New Zealand look set for a World Cup semi-final spot after comfortably beating Sri Lanka by five wickets.
BBC Sport takes a look back at some of the greatest late goals in Premier League history, featuring Sergio Aguero, Harry Kane and Demarai Gray.
The father of the Liverpool footballer was handed over to UN and Catholic Church officials.
However Israel stressed the "localised and pinpoint measures" would "not detract from the fighting".
Palestinian Islamic Jihad posts videos of two Gaza hostages, but Israel fears "psychological terror".
BBC Verify has been looking at video, listening to eyewitnesses and analysing satellite images.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
An extraordinary warning call to a Palestinian dentist starts the panicked evacuation of a Gazan neighbourhood.
Dr Maisara Al Rayyes's family is searching for him under a building destroyed in an Israeli strike.
Police set up a cordon after activists occupied an area near the front entrance of Holyrood.
The Met Police sets out how it will handle demonstrations taking place in London on Armistice Day.
In an exclusive BBC interview, the French president said a ceasefire would be in Israel's interest.
A BBC investigation reveals confusion between officials as an inferno destroyed the town of Lahaina.
Four students say Cardiff University does not offer enough support to rape survivors.
The King will mark his 75th birthday with plans to help those without food and to reduce wasted food.
Thomas Newsome had been charged with sharing military information but was cleared at an Old Bailey hearing.
Sir Paul McCartney says their final song Now and Then reaching the top spot has "blown my socks off!"
A head teacher said one of his pupils collapsed after using a vape containing the illegal drug spice.
Davide Renne, ex-head of women's wear at Gucci, joined Moschino as creative director just nine days ago.
Suspicious letters have been reported at election offices in five states across the United States.
Speaking to the BBC before Elianne's funeral, they said she will "forever remain in our hearts".
From January, drivers in Edinburgh who park on the kerb face a £100 fine under plans by the council.
His campaign says devices, believed to be two iPhones and an iPad, were taken by agents on Monday.
The build-up to a pro-Palestinian march and further speculation on Suella Braverman's future leads the papers.
A dragonfly, carnivorous plant and plesiosaur are among some of the species bearing Sir David's name.
Away from the cameras Owain Wyn Evans and his husband are taking on their own home renovation.
A new exhibition celebrates the diversity of Govanhill where 88 languages are spoken.
After her music found new fans in the teen drama Heartstopper, Baby Queen releases her debut album.
Craig Cash says he feels the "presence" of his late friend Caroline Aherne while working on the show.
Politician Nigel Farage and actress Jamie-Lynn Spears are reportedly lined up to take part.
Bogdan Yermokhin, originally from Mariupol, was told to report to a draft centre when he turns 18.
Boom has turned to bust for NFTs - a way of attaching your name to original artwork.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
It's about the triumph of good over evil, but also a chance for family and friends to come together.
The actor becomes the first person to legally scale the New York City landmark.
Swift has become the first songwriter to receive seven song of the year nominations.
Allegations against the pair include "recruiting people with the aim of committing terrorist crimes".
Michael Gove and Work and Pensions Secretary Mel Stride are backing calls for more cash to help renters.
Police say the investigation is at an "early stage".
The encounter on 15 November will be only their second face-to-face meeting during the Biden presidency.
Liz McColgan leads tributes to her husband John Nuttall after the former long-distance runner died aged 56 on Thursday.
Dame Alison Rose resigned after admitting to discussing details about Nigel Farage's bank account.
Michael Matheson says he will reimburse the cost of a data roaming bill he incurred while on holiday.
The couple died after the next-door room was sprayed with pesticide to kill bedbugs, an inquest hears.
A judge rules privacy claims against the Daily Mail publisher can go forward to a trial.
Liam Lindsay heads in a Preston winner in the final minute of normal time in the Lancashire derby at Blackburn.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta warns Aaron Ramsdale not to rush any decision over his future after falling out of favour this season.
Rassie van der Dussen hits an unbeaten 76 to take South Africa to a nervy five-wicket win over Afghanistan.
Bath turned around a thrilling West Country derby to beat Gloucester at a sold-out Kingsholm.
South Africa's David Miller makes a meal of a catch, including hitting himself in the face with the ball, before holding on to remove Afghanistan's Rahmat Shah for 26 in the Cricket World Cup.
Sir Jim Ratcliffe's deal to become a minority shareholder in Manchester United is expected to be agreed during this month's international break, possibly as early as next week.
Tottenham boss Ange Postecoglou confirms James Maddison has been ruled out until January with an ankle injury.
More than 26,000 Gazans have been wounded since war erupted, many of them left with life-changing injuries.
As fighting continues between Israel and Hamas, social discord is emerging in Germany.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Israel wants to destroy Hamas, but there are questions over whether that is achievable.
Teacher Farida and Khalid, a medical supplier, describe life in Gaza, besieged and under attack.
Arabs and Jews living in the territory say the 7 October attacks have deepened distrust.
A basic guide to how the economy is measured and why that calculation matters.
The UK's economy is predicted to shrink in 2023 but is not expected to fall into recession.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
Counter-protesters made up the "vast majority" of arrests as 300,000 marched calling for a Gaza ceasefire.
Suella Braverman may yet be sacked but the PM's handling of her disobedience has dented his authority.
The Liverpool FC footballer's father spoke of his plight after being held by Colombian guerrillas.
While decades of prosecutions weakened the US and Italian mafia, transatlantic relations remain strong.
Video shows huge flames and plumes of grey smoke rising into the sky in Newark.
The nation falls silent to mark the end of World War One in 1918, and remember those lost in conflict.
Police probe phoney content purporting to show the Mayor of London commenting on Remembrance events.
Thousands are asked to evacuate from a town in the southwest over fears magma has spread underground.
The new statues are installed at the Royal Albert Hall as part of its 150th anniversary.
Mary Lou McDonald tells the party conference she wants to see "orange and green reconciled".
Police took two months to find Lee Bowman's body, because they wrongly assumed he was still alive.
Grand National-winning jockey Graham Lee is in intensive care after being unseated by Ben Macdui at Newcastle Racecourse.
Chinese leaders add to parental pressure, urging young Chinese to marry and have babies.
A new exhibition celebrates the diversity of Govanhill where 88 languages are spoken.
From place names to police badges and even a St Asaph church, Pennsylvania has strong Welsh links.
Jack Mortimer has never forgotten those who died trying to secure Sword Beach before he landed on D-Day.
England's World Cup campaign was shrouded with confusion but they found a blueprint that helped them avoid falling apart like previous sides.
A dragonfly, carnivorous plant and plesiosaur are among some of the species bearing Sir David's name.
Away from the cameras Owain Wyn Evans and his husband are taking on their own home renovation.
Organisers pull off the LGBT event defying challenges from the host city's political environment.
Interpreters for German soldiers say they will be the target of jihadists after the UN soon leaves.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Visitors have been flocking to the Kealia Pond National Wildlife Refuge to see the spectacle.
Elianne Andam was fatally stabbed while on her way to school in Croydon on 27 September.
Elsewhere, near the Black Sea port of Odesa, there were reports of at least two missile attacks.
Yousef Wynne is the latest to be charged with murder after the attack on Andy Foster in Wrekenton.
The deliberately slanting greetings are proving to be a labour-intensive job for printers.
The Hindu festival of Diwali is one of the most important festivals in India.
Katie Boulter wins to pull Great Britain level in their Billie Jean King Cup play-off against Sweden after Jodie Burrage is stunned in the opening singles.
Joseph Strickland is "relieved" from governance following a Vatican investigation.
John Davies has paid about £3,500 for lighting and sound system after the council could not.
The leather jacket went under the hammer alongside items previously owned by Amy Winehouse and George Michael.
From January, drivers in Edinburgh who park on the kerb face a £100 fine under plans by the council.
Four students say Cardiff University does not offer enough support to rape survivors.
The US actors' union says its national board has voted to back the agreement with Hollywood studios.
King Charles is seen in a striking new black-and-white picture taken by famed photographer Rankin.
Winners each awarded $1.2m at environmental awards founded by Prince William, and held in Asia for the first time.
The father of a girl who died when a blow-up trampoline exploded reacts as the operator is jailed.
Musician and inventor Sam Battle collects vintage technology in his museum in Ramsgate, Kent.
London Stansted Airport will be hosting film screenings on a large LED screen in a car park.
A head teacher said one of his pupils collapsed after using a vape containing the illegal drug spice.
Through comedy TikToks about its extra fees, Ryanair has attracted millions of likes and followers.
Angela Howarth recalls being met by armed Russians in Moscow and meeting her husband at Millwall.
Earl Meyer was injured in the Korean War in 1951, but there are few records and no witnesses to prove it.
The encounter on 15 November will be only their second face-to-face meeting during the Biden presidency.
Arsenal move level on points with Premier League leaders Manchester City courtesy of a hard-fought victory over struggling Burnley.
Despite the narrative around Manchester United and Erik ten Hag, the Red Devils have now won four of their past five league games after victory over Luton.
Match of the Day's Jermaine Jenas analyses how Wolves came from behind to beat Tottenham, with a spectacular equaliser from Pablo Sarabia followed by Mario Lemina's winner.
Newcastle United defender Kieran Trippier says he told fans "there's no need to panic" when confronting them at full-time following their defeat at Bournemouth.
Britain's Jack Draper misses out on a first ATP Tour title with a three-set defeat by Adrian Mannarino in the Sofia Open final.
Watch highlights as England end their World Cup campaign with a commanding consolation victory over Pakistan in Kolkata.
Gareth Southgate says the perception of the England team has improved across the world, if not at home.
Palestinians abroad tell the BBC multiple generations of their families were killed in Gaza air strikes.
Nine officers were injured and 145 arrested, most of whom police said were right-wing counter-protesters.
The General Medical Council says efforts to recruit more UK doctors will take years to take effect.
Dozens of bosses at High Street firms and several MPs are calling for better protection for staff.
The stage invader says he "came here for a climate demonstration, not a political view".
Producers try to work out how an evicted housemate's problematic posts were not flagged before.
He distances himself from the home secretary's language, but says it is "proper" to debate the issue.
The service members died in a helicopter crash in a region where the US has boosted operations.
Christian Concern says eight-month-old Indi Gregory has been moved to a hospice.
The Met Office warns of possible danger to life from flying debris and large waves in coastal areas.
The changes, affecting hundreds of thousands of people from 2025, would save £4bn in welfare payments.
An increasing number of holidaymakers are picking more environmentally-friendly trips.
The force issued a dispersal order and arrested one homeless man on Friday afternoon in Camden.
A Northampton leather worker fluent in German was key to capturing a Nazi commander.
The cast of BBC Three drama Grime Kids speak about playing a group of friends who dream of local fame.
The 1980s children's TV series could be set for a reboot after Welsh scriptwriter wins top accolade.
Two weeks of testimony from Donald Trump and his family has hurt his case, say lawyers watching.
Bringing support services and emergency beds under one roof helps keep people in Milton Keynes off the streets.
Whitney Wolfe Herd is stepping down as chief executive at the end of the year after nearly a decade.
The papers lead on Saturday’s Armistice Day demonstrators clashing with police.
The rags to riches story of Amoako Boafo, whose portraits of black subjects now command mega prices.
From place names to police badges and even a St Asaph church, Pennsylvania has strong Welsh links.
King Charles III lays the first wreath at London's Cenotaph to remember those who have died in conflict.
Thousands are asked to evacuate from a town over fears magma has spread underground.
Video shows the big cat wandering along a residential street before it is captured.
The 82-year-old is still facing a trial in Montreal and extradition to the US.
Gareth Stobart says the council is charging over £800 per flat in a block of student accommodation.
Cole Palmer scores injury-time penalty against former club Manchester City as Chelsea snatch a thrilling Premier League draw at Stamford Bridge.
Thieves steal two truckloads of expensive bubbly but the loot is recovered after a high-speed chase.
Hundreds of items from the RMS Titanic went up for auction on Saturday.
The media watchdog's chairman says it is not his job to tell broadcasters who to hire.
Protests denounce a deal with Catalan separatists aimed at securing a new term for the Socialist PM.
Some argue that if the Welsh and the English spelling is only slightly different - why have both?
It follows the deaths of four patients at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital campus in Glasgow.
Far-right leader Marine Le Pen takes part, alongside major parties but the far left refuses.
Footage shows an ice rescue instructor skating on a rare window of ice in Alaska's Alpine lakes.
Megan Rapinoe suffers a painful end to her football career as the American star is forced to leave the pitch just three minutes into her farewell game.
Chelsea's 4-4 draw with Manchester City "had everything" - but where does it rank among the Premier League's best-ever games?
Liverpool boss was taken back to his early days of his coaching career as the Reds beat Brentford to close the gap on Premier League leaders Manchester City.
As comebacks go, Arsenal's recovery to thrash Leicester 6-2 was pretty incredible - is it the start of something special for Jonas Eidevall's side?
Late replacement Harriet Dart beats Caijsa Hennemann to give Great Britain a 3-1 victory in their Billie Jean King Cup play-off against Sweden.
Match of the Day 2-s Alan Shearer, Ian Wright and Mark Chapman analyse how ex-Manchester City player Cole Palmer has made an impact at Chelsea.
Isaac Herzog told the BBC "everything is operating" at Al-Shifa, despite reports of no power.
Hundreds of thousands who fled bombs are now washing in polluted seawater and sleeping in packed tents.
The new foreign secretary says Rishi Sunak has a "difficult job" after his comeback in a reshuffle.
The former cabinet minister was accused of stoking tensions ahead of pro-Palestinian protests at the weekend.
Rishi Sunak could argue the ex-PM can unite the Tories. But his return to cabinet comes with baggage.
Colin Cowan's brother Bernard, from Glasgow, was killed by Hamas gunmen in his home on a kibbutz in Israel.
The younger Mr Trump is the first defence witness in the family's civil fraud trial in New York.
Mourners gathered to pay their respects as fans lined the streets to watch the funeral procession.
Video recorded from the cockpit of a flight from San Francisco to Lisbon shows stunning Northern Lights.
Police say they're keeping an open mind over the cause of the fire which killed five family members.
A group accuses the government of "double standards" in its handling of Palestinians in the UK.
Mrs Barry, who served as a federal judge in New Jersey, was the former president's eldest sister.
The beauty brand made famous by its door-to-door sales slogan "Ding dong, Avon calling!" is changing tack.
Aine Davis, who spent time in Syria with the Islamic State group, is jailed for eight years.
Sgt Matt Ratana was killed after officers failed to find a gun hidden on arrested man Louis De Zoysa.
The future is bleak if the conflict doesn't force the Israelis and Palestinians to try again for peace.
Thousands of people are trapped in Gaza's few functioning hospitals as fighting draws ever closer.
Heartfelt eulogies to Sir Bobby Charlton at a service to commemorate his life paint a picture of much more than a footballing legend, writes Simon Stone.
Britney Spears's sister Jamie Lynn Spears and TV presenter Marvin Humes will also be taking part.
An eruption is thought imminent but its impact depends on where magma breaches the surface.
Communities want action on illegal motorbikes but police are cautious after high-profile deaths.
The cast of BBC Three drama Grime Kids speak about playing a group of friends who dream of local fame.
LGBT activists hope a likely opposition coalition will bring both a change in tone and policy.
Busby Babes, gate receipts and the strange tale behind Sir Bobby's stint in the League of Ireland.
The 1980s children's TV series could be set for a reboot after Welsh scriptwriter wins top accolade.
An increasing number of holidaymakers are picking more environmentally-friendly trips.
Julius Malema had candid views on Kenya's president but also poses a challenge to the opposition.
The Met Office warns of possible danger to life from flying debris and large waves in coastal areas.
The fantasy RPG and the horror sequel square off at the "gaming Oscars" as nominations are revealed.
Research shows two in five shop workers face verbal or physical attacks on a regular basis.
Residents of a fishing port remain on edge as scientists say a volcanic eruption is still imminent.
Indi Gregory's parents say they feel heartbroken and angry following the legal battle over her care.
EastEnders' Natalie Cassidy is among those paying tribute to theatre school founder Anna Scher.
Three men have been arrested over a "racially aggravated altercation" after a demo at the station.
The stage invader says he "came here for a climate demonstration, not a political view".
Police were alerted and joined in the capture of the flightless bird in Loose, Kent.
The holiday has been set aside to allow all Kenyans to participate, the environment minister says.
The fire service says "swift action" stopped a blaze spreading in a derelict, listed building.
Many people burst crackers to celebrate Diwali despite a ban on fireworks due to high pollution.
Australian club cricketer Gareth Morgan takes six wickets in the final six balls of a match to seal a dramatic victory.
Chelsea forward Cole Palmer, Aston Villa centre-back Ezri Konsa and Manchester City defender Rico Lewis have been called up to the England squad for the first time.
Emma Raducanu pulls out of an exhibition match in December as she continues her rehabilitation from hand and foot operations.
There was more on the line than a spot at the 1990 World Cup - the United States team feared for their jobs, homes and the very future of football in their country.
Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson and others pay tribute at club legend Sir Bobby Charlton's funeral.
Liverpool's Trent Alexander-Arnold says he is continuing to learn his "hybrid" role by watching videos of England team-mate John Stones.
Former England internationals Jill Scott, Ellen White and Anita Asante are named as the 2023 inductees into the Women's Super League Hall of Fame.
A rundown of the people in Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's cabinet, with new faces, as well as those who have changed roles.
Former PM David Cameron explains his surprise comeback to frontline politics on being appointed foreign secretary.
The former PM has become foreign secretary via the House of Lords, raising concerns over scrutiny.
She has lost her job as home secretary after accusing the Met Police of bias in the policing of protests.
Documents suggest Mr Cameron made $10m promoting the controversial finance business Greensill Capital, which later collapsed.
The two issues are set to dominate the new home secretary's time in office, as an election looms.
James Cleverly, who was foreign secretary, has replaced Ms Braverman as home secretary.
Chief political correspondent Henry Zeffman looked like he'd seen a ghost on BBC Breakfast.
What is it like to know that at any moment you could be deployed to a warzone?
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Isaac Herzog told the BBC "everything is operating" at Al-Shifa, despite reports of no power.
Ahmed Sabra leaves Gaza four days after his wife and children left him behind at the Egypt crossing.
Hundreds of thousands who fled bombs are now washing in polluted seawater and sleeping in packed tents.
The former home secretary tells Rishi Sunak his "plan is not working", as she accuses him of not keeping promises.
The ex-home secretary's open letter criticising the leadership of her old boss Rishi Sunak.
The former home secretary isn't going quietly and isn't finished yet, says the BBC's political editor.
A money trail emerges after the former Chelsea owner denied a financial relationship with Russian leader.
A man is held in connection with the death of Nottingham Panthers player Adam Johnson.
About 400 people living in a tower block are told to leave as a council declares a major incident.
Correspondent Jessica Parker was evacuated from Grindavik alongside the town's residents.
Report concluded lies by man linked to killer’s family cleared officer in corruption probe, BBC reveals.
Courteney Cox says she is "grateful for every moment" in her tribute to her late Friends co-star.
Lewis Moghul and Sammy Phillips died instantly when a red BMW hit trees in Bix, Oxfordshire.
Chelsea boss Emma Hayes is named the new manager of the United States women's national team and will take charge when the Women's Super League season ends in May.
The Suffolk MP tells the BBC how she was particularly ill while working in government.
The Supreme Court is set to give its verdict on whether the government's Rwanda policy is lawful.
The SNP are expected to call for a ceasefire in Gaza, while Labour MPs are being told not to vote.
Those who met China's future leader in the US state describe a "nice, focused" man who rode a tractor.
Olympic golds made Kelly Holmes a hero - but she only felt confident enough to come out last year.
Talk of getting the former prime minister on board intensified after Conservative party conference.
The GB News presenter and Conservative MP gets a job in Rishi Sunak's new ministerial team.
The all-female Takarazuka Revue apologised for "loss of life" but has not offered compensation.
Daniel Radcliffe's stunt double David Holmes is speaking ahead of the release of a new documentary.
A black-market trade in riders' accounts lets underage teenagers sign up for work, investigation reveals.
A scathing independent report finds aspects of the Welsh Rugby Union were sexist, misogynistic, racist and homophobic, with elements of bullying.
The Liverpool footballer cried as he hugged his father who was held by Colombian ELN rebels for 12 days.
The King is making a food-poverty project the centrepiece of events marking his milestone birthday.
The chain's UK boss tells MPs more than 400 people have made complaints since a BBC investigation in July.
The Labour leader will table a Commons vote in a bid to maintain party unity, the party confirms.
The "industrial incident" prompted buildings to be evacuated and a cordon put in place.
The interior designer says leaving the Netflix makeover show was a "necessary" decision.
Prime Minister Petteri Orpo says Russian officials helped some asylum seekers reach the Finnish border.
The UK family of Rita Roberts saw her distinctive tattoo in a BBC News report and contacted police.
The pop star says she is "unwilling to stand by and watch while books are banned by schools".
Video assistant referees are asked to be more proactive in challenging officials following a series of controversial decisions.
India are overwhelming favourites for their World Cup semi-final against New Zealand, but arrive with the weight of history on their shoulders.
Barcelona start the defence of their Champions League crown with a comfortable home victory against Benfica.
Watch Barnsley's John McAtee score his second goal against Horsham in their FA Cup first round replay.
Four-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan says he will not defend his Champion of Champions title after withdrawing to look after his "mental health".
Jannik Sinner claims his first ever victory against Novak Djokovic as the Italian beats the world number one at the ATP Finals in Turin.
British featherweight Connor Coghill reflects on being forced into retirement after suffering a bleed on the brain following defeat by Hopey Price in October.
The UN warns pregnant women risk dangerous deliveries as hospitals are overwhelmed, out of fuel and lacking medicines.
It comes as Israel is under growing international pressure to protect civilians in hospitals.
Vivian Silver dedicated her life to helping Gazans, and ending the Arab-Israeli conflict.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The future is bleak if the conflict doesn't force the Israelis and Palestinians to try again for peace.
Emad Abuaassi, who left with his wife and four children, says it is the "saddest moment" of his life.
Yakir tells the BBC how he chose to join his unit in Gaza, and knows he may not come back alive.
Thousands of people are trapped in Gaza's few functioning hospitals as fighting draws ever closer.
Supporters point to the new foreign secretary's experience - but past decisions are in the spotlight.
Rishi Sunak wants to build a team more in his own image while trying to change the political dial.
Former PM David Cameron explains his surprise comeback to frontline politics on being appointed foreign secretary.
A rundown of the people in Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's cabinet, with new faces, as well as those who have changed roles.
Documents suggest Mr Cameron made $10m promoting the controversial finance business Greensill Capital, which later collapsed.
More than 50 Labour MPs defy Sir Keir to vote for an immediate ceasefire in the Israel-Hamas war.
It follows a Supreme Court ruling that a policy to send illegal migrants to Rwanda was unlawful.
Gen Gwyn Jenkins was warned in 2011 that soldiers were claiming to have killed unarmed Afghans, BBC reveals.
Jennifer Aniston, David Schwimmer and Lisa Kudrow pay tribute to their beloved co-star.
Paul Mosley was jailed in 2013 for his part in the arson attack in Derby.
The action comes amid a bitter labour fight between at the coffee giant.
The actress and producer lost her voice before her first red carpet since the end of the actors' strike.
While not formal weddings, the services will be able to include the wearing of rings, prayers and a blessing from a priest.
Jurors are deliberating for a third day as they weigh whether Ms Taylor's civil rights were violated.
"We have a horse problem" - the jet was flying to Belgium when an equine passenger escaped its crate.
Ultra-marathon runner Joasia Zakrzewski is banned for 12 months by UK Athletics for using a car in a race.
The papers are leading on the PM's reaction to the Supreme Court ruling that the Rwanda asylum policy is unlawful.
Falling inflation and rising wages ease cost of living pressures for some, but money is still very tight.
After winning a city referendum on e-scooters, Anne Hidalgo has a new on-street target in her sights.
Looking at claims about small boats and returning failed asylum seekers.
One third of the world's diamonds come from Russia, which so far has escaped sanctions for the trade.
Economic woes put the Chinese leader in a more vulnerable negotiating position on this visit.
Prunella Scales and Timothy West celebrate six decades of marriage undiminished by dementia.
Tickets for the 2024 festival go on sale this week - but there's likely to be a lot of competition.
Talk of getting the former prime minister on board intensified after Conservative party conference.
Doctors warn drugs from unregulated sources could contain potentially toxic ingredients.
Surfers found the dead whale on Fistral beach.
The pop star spoke to Stockton woman Wendy Clarke for a special BBC local radio programme.
Tributes are being paid to the young rapper who was due to release his new album on Thursday.
The 24-hour bell at Beith Parish Church in Ayrshire ended after an environmental health complaint.
Kylie Minogue wins with Padam Padam at the Aria Awards, while Troye Sivan takes home four awards.
More than a hundred million people are thought to have been affected by the extreme weather.
The Swedish climate activist has appeared before magistrates in London after a protest last month.
Helen Williams had to lay the wig out on a highway in Nigeria so it could be measured.
Norma Winstone features on Drake's IDGAF featuring Yeat, which was released last month.
Burglars break into South Africa's Rugby Union headquarters but do not steal any trophies.
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes says her side were "robbed" of victory by "embarrassing" refereeing in their 2-2 draw with Real Madrid in the Women's Champions League.
India reach the World Cup final by holding off New Zealand on a memorable night in Mumbai that includes Virat Kohli's record-breaking 50th one-day international century.
When Morocco beat Spain at last year's World Cup, it was a result that struck at the core of a long, complicated relationship between the two countries.
A fired-up Anthony Joshua insists he is not past his peak and tells undercard fighter Jarrell Miller to "shut up" in a fiery news conference in London.
Chelsea could face further scrutiny from football's authorities over reports of payments connected to the club's former owner Roman Abramovich.
Ex-Charlton striker Kevin Lisbie could not bear to watch as his son Kyrell scores a penalty for Cray Valley Paper Mills to make it 1-1 in the FA Cup.
Captain Temba Bavuma says South Africa will acknowledge the "emotions" of their World Cup semi-final against Australia in Kolkata on Wednesday.
Allies are starting to change their tune as Israeli troops enter Gaza's largest hospital.
The BBC's Analysis editor looks at how the rules of war apply to hospitals.
Leaders accuse the US and other powers of hypocrisy over Israel's actions and warn of repercussions.
Israel says it has entered Gaza's largest hospital in a "targeted operation against Hamas".
Poll suggests many Israelis back a deal with Hamas to free the hostages - but not a Gaza ceasefire.
Tensions between Israel and the Palestinians date back decades, but what are the key issues?
Conservative Christians showed their deep connections with Israel at a march in Washington DC.
Vivian Silver dedicated her life to helping Gazans, and ending the Arab-Israeli conflict.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen but still remains above the 2% inflation target.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
We report this percentage every month but here are three things you may not know.
The Al-Shifa director says people are "screaming from thirst", as Israel says its "discreet" search continues.
"Tinkering with a failed plan" will not achieve the government's aims, the former home secretary says.
Shawn Seesahai, 19, died when he was fatally stabbed in Wolverhampton on Monday evening.
The rap mogul is labelled a "serial domestic abuser" in a lawsuit, which his attorney called "outrageous".
BBC correspondent flies over the Reykjanes Peninsula, where the volcanic activity has been concentrated.
The Prince of Wales was put on the spot when a boy asked him how much was in his bank account.
It is part of a plan to get people back to work, with more investment in career support also promised.
Scotland's health secretary had previously insisted the device was only used for work purposes.
The husband of former US Speaker Nancy Pelosi suffered a fractured skull in the attack at his home.
Anthony Walgate, Gabriel Kovari, Daniel Whitworth and Jack Taylor were all murdered by Stephen Port.
Angus Thirlwell and Peter Harris will each net £144m after selling firm to the confectionery giant.
The dancer is "absolutely gutted" as her hopes of a Strictly appearance are ended by the injury.
The Labour leader suffered his biggest parliamentary rebellion since he took charge in 2020.
The rival presidents found common ground on climate change, military communications and fentanyl.
The royal drama that depicts the death of the Princess of Wales labelled a "Diana-obsessed series".
Ukrainians in occupied territories are being forced to take Russian citizenship, a report finds.
The former One Direction star confirms his famous mop top is History - and fans have strong thoughts.
Melicka Ghafouri spends hours turning trainers into models of ambulances and multi-storey apartments.
Thousands of school staff including classroom assistants and canteen workers are striking over pay.
Young British footballers are trying to help lowly ranked Pakistan qualify for the 2026 World Cup.
Manufacturers are exploring how AI can predict machine faults before they happen.
Graveyards, bridges and harvests are swept away in the worst floods to hit Somalia in a century.
A new party leads the polls, while the leader of another could become the first female PM.
Four weeks after Storm Babet, BBC News speaks to flood victims coming to terms with its aftermath.
Luxury designers in India are experimenting with the idea of sustainability - but how successful are they?
Hannah Shirley celebrated with presents and a cake made of a watermelon base, papaya frosting and spaghetti squash.
It is believed those responsible may have been doing 'extreme ironing' on the UK's highest peak.
Rapper 50 Cent takes to social media to praise Mary Jane Farquarson.
Rescuers in Colorado said the Jack Russell terrier had lost half her body weight when they found her.
The new foreign secretary is visiting Kyiv, as President Zelensky thanks the UK for its support.
Sasha Skochilenko replaced supermarket labels with anti-invasion messages weeks after the war began.
After weeks of haggling, the Socialist leader clinches a vote in parliament with a four-seat majority.
Ten were killed, and thousands of others injured, in a crush at his Astroworld festival in 2021.
The government says it will look at new measures for police to stop protesters climbing war memorials.
The NHS watchdog says the findings are the worst in England since focused inspections began in 2018.
The tribute is on display on the side of a pub near Manchester United's stadium.
Tyson Fury launched tirade of abuse towards Oleksandr Usyk before the two were separated by security during their face-off in London.
Lawrence Shankland nets in stoppage-time as Scotland keep their slim hopes of topping their Euro 2024 qualifying group alive with a late draw in Georgia.
Australia are through to the World Cup final after a tension-filled three-wicket win over South Africa in Kolkata.
The Football Association charges Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta with misconduct for comments he made after his side's 1-0 Premier League defeat by Newcastle.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen says he is "not looking forward" to this weekend's Las Vegas Grand Prix, which he believes is "99% show and 1% sporting event".
Rower Hannah Scott explains how a new women's sport research project has helped stop her breaking her ribs and given her back control of her body.
Scotland midfielder Scott McTominay criticises Georgia after the sides' 2-2 Euro 2024 qualification draw, calling them "a disgrace".
The Israeli army says Yehudit Weiss's body was recovered near Al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City.
The BBC enters hospital with Israeli forces and views small cache of weapons and other items they say were found there.
Israel defends blocking fuel deliveries, as the UN warns this could lead to a breakdown of civil order.
Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer suffered a rebellion over the party's stance on the Israel-Gaza conflict. See how your MP voted.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
The BBC has been looking in detail at how the casualty figures are totalled.
Vivian Silver dedicated her life to helping Gazans, and ending the Arab-Israeli conflict.
The price cap which sets typical annual household energy bills is expected to rise slightly from January.
Train drivers have announced further walk outs in a long-running dispute about pay and conditions.
Falling inflation and rising wages ease cost of living pressures for some, but money is still very tight.
The BBC has been told the chancellor is considering cutting some taxes in his Autumn Statement.
Israel's rhetoric had suggested the Gaza City hospital was a nerve centre for the Hamas operation.
Mobile phone and internet connections have reportedly been partially restored after a fuel delivery.
ChatGPT-maker OpenAI says it 'no longer had confidence' in his ability to lead.
A court hears about the pain of Ashling Murphy's mother, sister and boyfriend, as her killer is sentenced.
The clip sees Tennant crashing his Tardis at the "genesis of the Daleks" - the Doctor's long-standing enemy.
A police officer "immediately engaged and shot" the suspect during the attack at the facility in Concord.
It has stirred an extraordinary level of criticism from within the president’s own administration.
Dale Houghton is given a 12-week suspended jail term for mocking the young Sunderland fan's death.
Video shows Austria's president being bitten by the Moldovan leader's three-legged canine.
Controversies over antisemitism have engulfed the billionaire and his social network, X.
Marines talk of progress on "several bridgeheads" but soldiers talk of fatigue at the front.
Hundreds of school children around the UK joined protests on Friday calling for a ceasefire in Gaza.
Maximus Trest is taking a year off school to focus on Astrolander, his action-adventure game being released next year.
The health secretary has apologised after admitting his sons racked up an £11,000 bill on his parliamentary iPad.
Fans are calling the upcoming Mean Girls musical film a Gen Z version of the 2004 cult classic.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Inheritance tax is again creating political debate so how does it work and who pays?
The trial set the internet on fire, now a musical based on the bizarre court case is sliding on stage.
Demand for childcare in England will rise once government increases funded hours, BBC News analysis suggests.
Communities hit by October's storms are struggling to cope with the effects of a changing climate.
The African music star mulls her 40-year career, which is to be celebrated at the Royal Albert Hall.
Retailers are investing in high-tech and low-tech measures to tackle an increase in theft.
How to make sense of what politicians mean when they say there is no scope for tax cuts.
The Fab Four's hopes of correcting a historic blip in their chart record are dashed by Taylor Swift.
Charissa Thompson faced criticism after saying she made up sideline reports early in her career.
The tech giant confirms it will introduce support for a new messaging standard on iPhones from 2024.
The best chance of catching a glimpse is in the early hours of Saturday and Sunday.
The Radio 2 presenter turned runner has raised more than £4.1m for Children in Need.
Everton receive an immediate 10-point deduction after being found to have breached the Premier League's profit and sustainability rules.
The measure could leave any LGBT activist in the country vulnerable to criminal prosecution.
The hip hop star, who's built a public persona around his copious marijuana use, says he's quitting.
After Russia's invasion, most Ukrainian men were banned from leaving, but many are escaping abroad.
The writer had a long and successful career and won the Booker Prize for her 1990 novel Possession.
The US comedian and actor said his "beloved son" Dex died from an accidental drug overdose.
The famous statue in Rio de Janeiro is illuminated as the global pop sensation arrives on her Eras tour.
Gavin Plumb is accused of soliciting to murder and incitement to kidnap the TV presenter.
The PM says he will "take on" anyone who stands in the way of emergency laws to push through the scheme.
The Duchess of Sussex joined actors and celebrities at the annual event.
They are also charged with possessing a machete after Shawn Seesahai, 19, was stabbed in Wolverhampton.
It could be used instead of, or with, HRT for hot flushes and sleep changes, says new guidance.
The rap mogul is labelled a "serial domestic abuser" in a lawsuit, which his attorney called "outrageous".
Victoria Atkins says she has always been absolutely "scrupulous" in declaring her interests.
There will be restricted visitor access to the pandas from 30 November before they return to China in December.
The ceremony which celebrates achievement in the Latin music industry has taken place in Spain.
Former Stability AI executive says it's not acceptable to use other people's work without permission.
World leaders wore suits this year, but they once donned traditional silk jackets in China and ponchos in Peru.
England manager Gareth Southgate refuses to criticise his players after Friday's lacklustre 2-0 win over Malta, but says his side are "not where we need to be".
Everton Football Club and their supporters will look to the 1994-95 side for relegation salvation.
The first day of the much-vaunted Las Vegas Grand Prix descends into chaos as practice was hit by problems with the new street track.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill says there is "no benefit" in being "overly critical" of his young squad after a 4-0 defeat in Finland.
Sale Sharks hold off a spirited Newcastle Falcons fightback to go top of the Premiership.
Relive five great moments from the 2023 ICC Cricket World Cup, including Glenn Maxwell's double century, Virat Kohli's record and Angelo Matthews' controversial timed-out dismissal.
Clemence Felix Mtenga was an agriculture intern in Israel at the time of the Hamas attack.
Israel's PM says efforts to spare civilians "not successful", but says Hamas puts them in harm's way.
Police are investigating after a Labour MP who abstained on the Gaza vote had her office vandalised.
The hostage's body was found as troops continue their search in and around Gaza's biggest hospital.
The Al-Shifa director says people are "screaming from thirst", as Israel says its "discreet" search continues.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
Israeli restrictions meant reporters weren't allowed to speak to doctors or patients at the hospital.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is set to unveil the government's tax and spending plans.
The price cap which sets typical annual household energy bills is expected to rise slightly from January.
Israel denied forcing people out of al-Shifa on foot and did not confirm it had hit al-Fakhoura shelter.
Rishi Sunak brought back an ex-PM and is defiant on Rwanda - but voters are focused on their wallets, says Laura Kuenssberg.
The US pop star says she is putting safety first after temperatures in the Brazilian city reached 39.1C.
Ice hockey players and fans pay tribute to the late Adam Johnson at Nottingham's Motorpoint Arena.
The best chance of catching a glimpse is in the early hours of Sunday.
As the BBC drama Time explores how brief jail terms can affect lives, one former inmate tells her story.
The rocket flew for about eight minutes before SpaceX lost contact and ended its live stream.
The director says his response to criticism from historians about his film would "have a bleep in it".
Two people airlifted to hospital, two more have minor wounds, and 37 dogs and several cats seized.
France score seven goals in each half as they record their biggest ever win by thrashing 10-man Gibraltar 14-0 in Euro 2024 qualifying.
A week after a tunnel collapsed in northern India, officials try a new approach to save the workers.
Anton Hull filmed himself at the wheel moments before hitting Sarah Baker in a "needless tragedy".
A successful campaign to correct a road sign's punctuation has been reported around the world.
One of the most anticipated storylines in season six of the royal drama has divided audiences.
Temperature records crumbled across the world this year, raising questions over the pace of global warming.
The actor and co-star Indira Varma explain why they're staging the play in a warehouse in Liverpool.
Ukraine's counter-offensive may have achieved a breakthrough ahead of the expected harsh winter months.
From a legendary batter to the head coach of the Indian cricket team, Rahul Dravid has done it all.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Voters focus on candidates' plans to tackle rising prices as inflation soars past an annual 140%.
Maximus Trest is taking a year off school to focus on Astrolander, his action-adventure game being released next year.
The Boeing 787 is the largest passenger plane ever to have landed on the continent.
US firms, including Apple and Disney, are reportedly suspending ads on the Elon Musk-owned site.
Canberra says naval divers suffered injuries following a high-seas encounter with a Chinese warship.
Sam Altman, one of the biggest names in tech, was sacked from ChatGPT-maker OpenAI without warning.
Those living through the war, now in its seventh month, tell the BBC conditions are worse than ever.
A day after the singer sued the rap mogul, the pair said they wanted to "resolve this matter amicably".
Casey McIntyre left a heart-wrenching goodbye on social media - and multi-million dollar gift.
Rail firm TransPennine Express has since removed QR codes from all of its station car parks.
The president, soon to turn 81, is the oldest in US history, but he has learned to defuse concerns about his age with humour.
Less than a quarter of people questioned thought their high street was improving, research finds.
Looking at claims about small boats and returning failed asylum seekers.
Helsinki said it was trying to halt a surge in illegal crossings from Russia, mostly of third-country citizens.
Manager Robert Page urges Wales to end their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign "on a high" after a disappointing draw in Armenia.
World champion Max Verstappen and Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc sum up the contradictions of the inaugural Las Vegas Grand Prix, which has so far been both farcical and spectacular at different turns.
Australia know what to expect from a partisan crowd in Sunday's World Cup final, but the underdogs have enough to ensure an India win is not yet certain.
Chelsea manager Emma hayes is full of praise for hat-trick hero Lauren James, with the forward's form a welcome boost for club and country.
With an appeal to come, plus pending financial cases against Manchester City and Chelsea, at look at why Everton's points deduction sent shockwaves through the Premier League.
Chelsea midfielder Lauren James scores a hat-trick and assists another goal in their 5-1 thrashing of Liverpool in the Women's Super League.
Former Wales captain Alun Wyn Jones is given a standing ovation as he departs the final game of his rugby career for Toulon at Clermont Auvergne.
Hundreds of Palestinians left al-Shifa hospital on Saturday and headed south on foot.
Protesters walked from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, before demonstrating at the Israeli prime minister's residence.
The area hosts hundreds of thousands of people who had sought safety there after fleeing northern Gaza.
Mobile phone and internet connections have reportedly been partially restored after a fuel delivery.
Israel says the video - which the BBC has not verified - shows captives were taken to al-Shifa on 7 October.
It comes after Qatar's PM said "very minor" obstacles remained to a deal between Israel and Hamas.
Comedian Russell Brand has been questioned by the Met Police over three allegations of historical sex offences
Sam Altman posts a selfie from the firm's US head office 48 hours after his shock ouster from the company.
The former Ukip and Brexit Party leader is earning £1.5m to appear on this year's show.
Javier Milei, who pledged to "blow up" the central bank, beat economy minister Sergio Massa in the vote.
The Carter Center says the wife of ex-President Jimmy Carter died peacefully with her family by her side.
The chancellor says he wants to lower taxes but only in a responsible way that does not risk inflation.
The crane fell from the top of the construction site in Davao City in the Philippines.
The stage and screen actor appeared in films including White Mischief and 1989's Lethal Weapon 2.
Further "complex and intrusive" surveys are needed after Tuesday's mass evacuation of Barton House.
The tremor was felt by people across west Cornwall, who say it was like thunder or an avalanche.
Video showed the singer gasping for air in between songs during her performance in the stifling heat.
As the BBC drama Time explores how brief jail terms can affect lives, one former inmate tells her story.
In Soviet Russia it was common for people to report others to the authorities - now the practice is back.
The remarkable story of Captain Don Walsh and his 11km journey to the bottom of the Mariana Trench.
New tax rules mean the amount of money raised by the government is rising significantly.
Artist Nathan Wyburn attributes his success to social media, bypassing the art world's gatekeepers.
Those who missed out will now have to wait for re-sale dates for the world-famous festival.
Limits on how many planes can take off have now been lifted, after a day of delays and cancellations.
Multiplayer battler League of Legends reveals it will stage next year's grand final at the O2 Arena.
Tributes are paid to Imelda Mounfield, who raised thousands for charity after her diagnosis.
The chancellor will unveil the plan, aimed at speeding up electricity upgrades, in his Autumn Statement.
A "lack of basic information" from ministers is "shocking and disappointing", a report by MPs says.
The black bicorne felt hat was a trademark of the French emperor, and was sold above estimates.
"I tasted a tiny drop," says Sotheby's head of whisky as The Macallan 1926 exceeds its estimated price.
On Tuesday Michael Matheson told First Minister Humza Yousaf his sons racked up the £11,000 bill, not parliamentary work.
The US pop star says she is putting safety first as the Brazilian city experiences an extreme heatwave.
Polish drivers are blocking border crossings, calling for caps on Ukrainian trucks to be re-introduced.
Scotland's successful Euro 2024 qualifying campaign ends with a draw as Mohamed Elyounoussi's late equaliser earns Norway a point at Hampden.
Pat Cummins delivers again as captain and bowler in the World Cup final to place himself among Australia's greats after a golden six months.
Manchester City knew there was no room for error when they turned up at Old Trafford to face rivals Manchester United with a Women's Super League title race hanging in the balance.
Novak Djokovic wins a record seventh ATP Finals title with a dominant victory over Jannik Sinner to cap "one of the best seasons" of his career.
Premiership Rugby stands "united" with former England international Ugo Monye following allegations of racist abuse by a supporter at Exeter Chiefs' Sandy Park.
Watch the best shots from Travis Head's "outstanding" 137 for Australia against India in the Cricket World Cup final in Ahmedabad.
Watch highlights as Australia beat India by six-wickets in the Cricket World Cup final in Ahmedabad to claim their sixth World Cup title.
The babies were moved from al-Shifa hospital to receive urgent care in a neonatal intensive care unit.
In the fortified H2 area of Hebron, Palestinian residents are being forced off the street at gunpoint.
The shadow chancellor says protesting outside the homes and offices of MPs is "intimidation".
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The Iran-backed rebels say the vessel is Israeli - a claim denied by Israel which blames Iran.
The UN health agency examines al-Shifa after last week's raid by Israeli troops looking for a Hamas bunker.
Israel's rhetoric had suggested the Gaza City hospital was a nerve centre for the Hamas operation.
Scientists were not consulted on Rishi Sunak's pandemic scheme, and Boris Johnson was "bamboozled" by some of the science, says Sir Patrick Vallance.
Ashley Dale was shot when a gunman opened fire in her Liverpool home, after a feud involving her boyfriend.
The prime minister says taxes can be cut "in a responsible way" after the inflation rate halved.
Jamala, the song competition's 2016 winner, is critical of the Kremlin and its invasion of Ukraine.
The summer break starts a week later and children are off for two weeks in October under new plans.
Unlike other period products, at the moment customers must pay 20% VAT when they buy the underwear.
Almost all of the company's 770 staff have signed a letter calling on board members to go.
The fund, run by former CNN boss Jeff Zucker, says it has the money it needs to rescue the newspaper.
The rapper could face nine years in prison if convicted of opening fire in a feud with a childhood friend.
The US president pardoned 'Liberty' and 'Bell' and joked about his age before confusing two pop stars.
A minister responds to a coroner over the death of Melissa Kerr, who died during surgery in Turkey.
England manager Gareth Southgate believes "he has learned a lot" despite his side ending their European Championship qualifying campaign with a draw at North Macedonia.
Ashley Dale shared her mounting fears with friends - those messages led police to her killers.
The BBC's technology editor Zoe Kleinman reflects on a whirlwind few days for the ChatGPT creator.
The BBC follows a mother battling to keep a dangerous sex offender away from her daughter.
Looking into some of the claims made in the prime minister's speech on the UK economy.
Sir David Brailsford is set to be on the three-man committee running the football operations of Manchester United, but who is he and what could it mean for the club?
A man tells the BBC he saw a teenager carrying away a child on the day Cheryl Grimmer vanished in 1970.
Russians in Ukraine say they can't work, use services or get bank accounts due to their nationality.
President Joe Biden is turning 81. But he's far from America's only elderly politician.
The UK's chief scientific adviser during Covid recorded his thoughts most evenings in handwritten notes.
Nineteen-year old Muneeb's in-game avatar app experience has been visited more than 1.6bn times
Javier Milei's victory sends a clear message - Argentines wanted change and he was likely to deliver it.
A breakdown of where the government's money comes from and where it goes.
Singer Suki Waterhouse announces she is having a baby with the Batman actor after revealing her baby bump.
The Queen urges journalists to report on sexual violence in conflict zones.
Everton's 10-point deduction by the Premier League will be taken to Parliament after Liverpool MP Ian Byrne calls the punishment "grossly unfair".
Arriving as David William Donald Cameron, he is sworn in as the peer Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton.
The Private Members' Bill has been presented to the House of Lords following a ballot of peers.
For some, a glass is enough to trigger headache due to the way their body metabolises the drink, scientists say.
Phil Taylor will retire from competitive darts for the second time after the 2024 World Senior Darts Tour.
Polina and Serge's store shop was in their hometown which they were forced to flee when Russia invaded.
Benjamin Mendy is taking former club Manchester City to an employment tribunal over millions of pounds he claims he is owed in unauthorised wage deductions.
The three-year court case illustrated the mob's broad influence over society in southern Italy.
The smoke flares and fire were part of an attempt to try and stop the chamber voting on the 2024 budget.
Shakira, who has repeatedly denied wrongdoing, settled "with the best interest of my kids at heart".
Drone footage shows the hole which is about two metres (6.5ft) deep and one metre (3.2ft) wide.
An unnamed Vanguard class submarine's depth gauge failed in an incident that happened more than a year ago.
Items including Princess Diana's "revenge" dress and a replica golden coach are to be auctioned.
An average of seven million viewers watched the show's return, according to overnight ratings.
Six trees forming part of the Dark Hedges, featured in Game of Thrones, will be removed for safety.
The vehicle Hannes Strydom was travelling in collided with a minibus taxi, local media report.
A penny was "a lot of money", as a labourer earned about one to two pennies a day, an expert says.
A report says Ofsted is seen as "toxic" and inspectors should not have direct contact with schools.
Northern Ireland finally give their supporters a result to cheer as they end a poor Euro 2024 qualifying campaign with an impressive 2-0 home win over Denmark.
The World Cup ended how it began, with a sense of emptiness in Ahmedabad, and now the challenge is to breathe life into the tournament for 2027, says Stephan Shemilt.
Watch highlights as Manchester City win the derby 3-1 at Old Trafford in front of a record 43,615 crowd for a Manchester United WSL game.
Reigning European champions Italy secure the point they require against Ukraine to qualify for Euro 2024.
Wales host Turkey in their final Euro 2024 qualifier on Tuesday night knowing their dreams of a direct route to next summer's finals will be decided both in Cardiff and Croatia.
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich returns to the West Indies squad for December's one-day international series against England.
A deal to release Israeli hostages held in Gaza is "closer than ever before", a senior US official says.
BBC Verify assesses footage of a tunnel and hostages released by Israel to prove Hamas used Gaza's al-Shifa hospital as a command centre.
The babies were moved from al-Shifa hospital to receive urgent care in a neonatal intensive care unit.
Emily Hand, 9, was in Kibbutz Be'eri, about three miles from Gaza, when Hamas launched its attack.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The rebels seized the car carrier in the Red Sea, claiming it was Israeli - but Israel says it is UK-owned.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is set to unveil the government's tax and spending plans.
Millions of low-income households are receiving the latest cost-of-living payment between by 19 November.
Hugo Morris, Harvey Owen, Wilf Henderson and Jevon Hirst had not been seen since Sunday.
National Insurance cuts are set to be among plans Jeremy Hunt hopes will boost the economy.
But England's chief medical officer tells Covid inquiry government had no good options at the time.
The last series was halted after Andrew "Freddie" Flintoff was hurt in an accident while filming.
The King hails the global impact of South Korean popular culture during the state visit.
Some big websites have been given 30 days to make it easier for users to reject cookies.
The TikTok prankster is sentenced to 18 weeks' detention in a young offender institution.
Annabel Giles, TV presenter, model and actress, was diagnosed with a brain tumour in July.
Changpeng Zhao will also step down as chief executive of the world's largest crypto-exchange.
Wales are held to a 1-1 draw by Turkey in Cardiff and now face a play-off semi-final in March after Croatia pip them to automatic Euro 2024 qualification.
The house is now being refurbished thanks to local tradespeople who offered their services for free.
It comes after classical texts quote the emperor saying "call me not Lord, for I am a Lady".
Wednesday's papers are dominated by the four missing teenagers who were found dead in north Wales.
In a statement, the BBC said it has "decided to rest the UK show", after a serious crash last December.
Sir Patrick Vallance's "brain dumps" morphed into damning public critiques - but are diaries therapeutic?
The findings of a review into how police handled the investigation into Nicola Bulley are released.
The US president has a new plan to take on the illegal drug that is killing tens of thousands.
Emily Hales, just a baby when her mother was attacked, believes someone is shielding her murderer.
After 33 series, the show will not return for the foreseeable future following Freddie Flintoff's injuries.
After a mild and wet autumn so far, colder conditions are on the way for the UK. But just how cold will it get?
The candidates seemed on the brink of a deal for January's election but it was over before it began.
With Jeremy Hunt expected to announce £1,000 boost for households living near pylons, could better design calm objections?
His name has long been the subject of speculation, with Robin, Robert and Robbie all suggested.
His speech at Buckingham Palace opened with words of welcome to the South Korean president and his wife.
The tech giant offers jobs to any workers who want to leave over Sam Altman's sacking.
An experiment with a common jellyfish has revealed the potential harm of seabed mining on creatures in the deep.
One activist was jailed for two years and another for three after scaling Dartford Crossing bridge.
Police are criticised for revealing personal information during their search for the missing mother.
The biggest music festival in Scotland will return to Glasgow Green in July 2024.
Ruth Wilson will play Emily Maitlis in a three-part drama about her 2019 interview with the prince.
Thousands of birds were captured on camera swooping above a nature reserve near Preston.
A fan of the rapper is overwhelmed at her responding after asking Minaj to add Nigeria to her tour.
A minister responds to a coroner over the death of Melissa Kerr, who died during surgery in Turkey.
New Argentinian president Javier Milei says it is time to "get" the Falkland Islands back.
The group has topped the festive chart for the last five years with lyrics dedicated to sausage rolls.
The Bodyguard star will appear in a new play as part of Michael Longhurst's last season at the Donmar.
They want Associated Newspapers to release its records of payments to private investigators.
The leader of the Ulster Unionist Party says the UK government "doesn't understand us".
Stephen Bear faces another court hearing after he uploaded footage without his ex-partner's consent.
BBC News has found widespread concern about poor safety practices in film and television.
Vaccination is at a 10-year low, leaving some children unprotected and risking outbreaks, experts say.
Inside a project tackling period poverty, with an army of thousands of volunteers across the world.
A slow drip of updates on contract negotiations leaves more questions than answers for fans.
The ruling at the Supreme Court is the latest in a long-running legal dispute.
New plans would see the summer break start a week later with kids off for two weeks in October.
The Republic of Ireland fail to end a disappointing year on a high as they are held by New Zealand in James McClean's final international game.
Newcastle United will be permitted to sign players on loan from sides also controlled by their Saudi owners in January following a Premier League clubs' vote.
England and Sale's Tom Curry is ruled out of the Six Nations and is likely to miss the rest of the season after having hip surgery.
Anthony Mullally lifted the biggest prize in northern hemisphere rugby league, but his emptiness on doing so led him to a life far from the bright lights and big stage.
Manager Gareth Southgate praises England's "excellent" mentality after they come from behind to draw in North Macedonia in their final Euro 2024 qualifier.
Arsenal forward Beth Mead is back in Sarina Wiegman's England squad for the first time in over a year after recovering from an ACL injury.
Ante Budimir's goal sees Croatia beat Armenia and secure the final automatic qualification spot for Euro 2024.
Thousands of Israeli troops are trying to find the man who heads the organisation's political wing.
Two journalists and two other civilians are killed as exchanges of fire intensify along the border.
It came as Labour backed an SNP ceasefire motion, despite Sir Keir Starmer arguing for humanitarian pauses.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
Personal taxes may be cut in the Autumn Statement, but millions will already have to pay more.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is set to unveil the government's tax and spending plans.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt says tax cuts will boost growth - but official forecasts paint a gloomy picture.
The vehicle was speeding towards the Rainbow Bridge when it crashed and was engulfed by a fireball.
Four men are jailed for life for the murder of 28-year-old Ashley Dale in Liverpool.
The close-knit town of Shrewsbury is reeling over the deaths of four teenage friends in north Wales.
The group say the shows will celebrate former bandmate Sarah Harding, who died of cancer in 2021.
The K-pop stars were at Buckingham Palace on the first day of the South Korean president's state visit.
Former medical adviser tells the UK Covid inquiry he considered stepping down over safety fears.
The BBC has seen private messages with swearing and poo emojis shared by teachers in Aberdeenshire.
The 41 workers got stuck when an under-construction tunnel collapsed due to a landslide 11 days ago.
Local MP Alex Cunningham alleges the swear word was used during Prime Minister's Questions.
Veteran Geert Wilders' party is set to secure most seats and says "we will govern".
A coroner says 10-year-old William Gray's death was a consequence of failures.
The actor was described in court as "an intelligent racist with an agenda" as a libel trial began.
Here's what you need to know about Chancellor Jeremy Hunt's tax and spending plans for the year ahead.
Now the speech has been delivered, what does it mean for your finances in the months ahead?
National Insurance is down and National Living Wage is up - but what do self-employed people think?
National Insurance rates are falling, but other changes mean some workers will still pay more.
Tom Cruise is among the stars to film in the UK, but some visual effects work has been "driven away".
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said he recognised that going to the pub had become more expensive.
The BBC's technology editor Zoe Kleinman looks at the humans at the heart of OpenAI's governance drama.
"Alice" speaks exclusively to the BBC after her successful lawsuit against Omegle forced it offline.
Studies suggest women are more affected by the issue than men.
Adil Malik, 25, hopes his documentary will inspire other young people to get themselves checked out.
The people of Ladakh in the Indian Himalayas have used maths to solve a water shortage.
Despite trailing far behind in the polls, the former president's rivals are spending millions. Why?
Recent revelations by an ex-Secret Service agent throw new light onto a now 60-year-old shooting.
In a lawsuit, model Sheila Kennedy accused the rock star of violently attacking her over 30 years ago.
A leading Highland councillor is caught on camera cleaning her windows during a virtual meeting.
The find is discovered near Sutton Hoo, where King Raedwald is thought to have been buried.
The influencer is the talk of the jungle in I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here.
One of the waterspouts alarmed residents in the city of Salerno, but did not result in any damage.
The seller purchased the book, which was signed to an anti-war protester, for £3 in Eastbourne.
Finland already says it is sealing most of its Russian border after migrants were encouraged to cross.
Jake Daniels, the UK's only openly gay active male professional footballer, speaks about his mental health, Jordan Henderson and the 18 months since coming out.
Stephen Kenny's time as Republic of Ireland manager ends after the Football Association of Ireland confirms it will not be renewing his contract.
Barnsley are expelled from the FA Cup for fielding an ineligible player in their first-round replay win at non-league Horsham.
There was little fanfare when Frank Soo passed away in 1991, but his story as the first non-white England international has emerged from obscurity since.
GB captain Leon Smith says he can "shout loud and proud" about his team as they look beat Serbia - led by Novak Djokovic - in the Davis Cup quarter-finals.
Jana Leitzig rewards Leicester manager Willie Kirk's gamble in bringing her on specifically for a penalty shootout as they beat Manchester City in the League Cup.
Chantelle Cameron relives her historic victory over Katie Taylor before Saturday's rematch in Dublin.
The agreement should see Hamas release 50 hostages during a four-day pause in fighting in Gaza.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
Find out more about what it is like to live in the Gaza Strip, from the economy to education, health and water.
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
The national living wage will go up next April, boosting 2.7 million people's pay.
Other video shared on social media showed people throwing fireworks at police and setting cars of fire.
Ex-home secretary says government must "act now", after last year's net migration was estimated at 745,000.
The father of twins killed in the Hamas attack in Israel says he has been left broken by their deaths.
Novak Djokovic tells a group of British fans to "shut up" after Serbia knocked Great Britain out of the Davis Cup quarter-finals.
One resident says the leaning Christmas tree could make the town famous.
James Cleverly says he used a swearword to refer to a Labour MP, not to describe Stockton North.
Videos from social media show the worker being lifted by a crane from the roof of a building.
A new domestic energy price cap has been announced leading to higher bills for millions.
Union says plan by Carnival UK, owner of P&O Cruises and Cunard, amounts to a wage cut for staff.
The business secretary tells the Covid inquiry some minority groups did not trust the government.
After leaving the EU, the UK can't blame the bloc for rising migration figures, Chris Mason writes.
EU leaders should take note but it's too simplistic to say populists are taking over, says Katya Adler.
Scotland’s health secretary has been embroiled in a scandal over his work iPad's huge roaming bill.
For years the "four families" ruled a town notorious for scam centres in Myanmar - their end was swift.
The actor, who left the show in 2010, is back for three specials celebrating its 60 years on air.
Less than 3% of global lorry drivers are women. In Mexico, some are challenging stereotypes behind the wheel.
The chancellor's plans have fuelled talk of an early poll, our political editor Chris Mason writes.
Tech firms have developed AI-powered sensors that can detect bacteria in food.
This year's Macy's event in Manhattan was briefly disrupted by a small pro-Palestinian demonstration.
Isaac Adongo had compared his vice-president's economic policies to the Manchester Utd star's performances.
Officers seize vials thought to contain semaglutide - the main ingredient in weight loss drug Ozempic.
The thieves stole $12,000 (about £9,500) worth of merchandise.
Bristol Airport has defended the facility after online criticism over its location and appearance.
YouTuber Nella Rose questions Nigel Farage's politics on jungle reality TV show I'm a Celebrity.
Michelle Whitehead's husband believes she would still be alive if staff had monitored her properly.
Coeliac Hazel Pearson died four days after having the cereal for breakfast at Wrexham Maelor.
It is the first time the medicinal leech has been found in Dumfries and Galloway.
Pakistan is charging undocumented refugees an $830 exit fee to leave the country if they arrived without a visa.
A two-year-old taken from a children's home has been adopted by politician Sergei Mironov, BBC discovers.
For a player who is supposedly not fully fit, Chelsea striker Sam Kerr still managed to be the difference-maker against Paris FC in the Women's Champions League.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton denies claims by Christian Horner he approached Red Bull about a move there earlier this year.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on DJ and Everton fan Barry Can't Swim for this weekend's Premier League predictions.
Katie Taylor promises a "completely different fight" against Chantelle Cameron in their rematch on Saturday.
Watch as Novak Djokovic beats Britain's Cameron Norrie to seal Serbia's place in the Davis Cup semi-finals.
England Test captain Ben Stokes makes himself unavailable for the 2024 Indian Premier League to manage his workload and fitness.
An FA Council member who wrote on social media that "Adolf Hitler would be proud of Benjamin Netanyahu" resigns.
Use our interactive calculator to find out how much more you'll be paying for energy each month.
The price cap which sets typical annual household energy bills will rise from January.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
Energy prices will be lower this winter than last - but you may be able to save even more on your bill.
The UK foreign secretary offers Israel support, but also calls for civilian casualties to be minimised.
The war in Gaza is leaving relatives in the US struggling with a number of emotions including guilt.
Relatives of those held anxiously wait to see if their loved ones will be among the captives freed.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to have been taken captive.
The "excruciating process" involved four countries, spy masters and presidential calls, a US official says.
The agreement should see Hamas release 50 hostages during a four-day pause in fighting in Gaza.
Hostages including young children and elderly women are freed from Gaza during a temporary ceasefire.
The group of women and teenage boys are in exchange for a group of hostages held by Hamas.
Justice minister defends police's response to street "thuggery" that flared after school knife attack.
The Irish capital saw outbreaks of violence after a knife attack left several injured earlier on Thursday.
The mum of Harvey Owen, killed alongside his three friends, says she cannot accept she won't hold him again.
In his first full interview as foreign secretary, he says the government's stance is "hard-headed".
The Paralympian has been serving a 13-year sentence for murdering girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
Leaflets at Saturday's pro-Palestinian march in London to detail language which might break the law.
The firm says it is "really sorry" for the problem, which comes on the busy shopping day Black Friday.
A combination of high tide and strong winds contribute to the partial collapse of a Norfolk road.
The decision by the Dutch VVD leader is a blow for Mr Wilders' bid to form a majority government.
A law firm says it is representing contestants it claims "suffered hypothermia and nerve damage" injuries.
The actor says he could relate to a book about a pilot who experiences electrical failure in mid air.
The French government has launched a campaign encouraging people not to buy new clothes during festive sales.
The Labour leader says Beethoven's Ode to Joy has a "sense of destiny", but his choice has raised eyebrows.
Colder conditions are on the way for the UK, but just how cold will it get?
The ex-first minister is believed to be seeking damages of up to £3m over events which go back five years.
When David Tennant was away, one lookalike extra was in the right place, at the right time... lord!
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Shops were damaged and police vehicles destroyed in disorder which followed a knife attack in the city.
Sarah Ott spent years as a climate change sceptic - now she's an advocate for clean energy.
Helen Slater says she is "heartbroken" after her Ripon cafe's window was smashed on her busiest day.
Officers helped with staging the surprise proposal, pulling over the couple in Wisconsin.
Former Manchester City and Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli is "in good health" after being involved in a car accident.
Children and young women played fans alongside Jacky Jhaj, who is on the sex offenders register.
North Korea calls its satellite launch a success - but South Korea says it is not known if it is working.
There have been calls to change a system which sees unclaimed inheritances going to a royal duchy.
It will be the only time fans will get to see Fred Again, Lana Del Rey and Blink-182 play at a UK festival.
The crane worker lifted a man to safety from the fire as flames and smoke billowed around him.
A giant ice block more than twice the size of Greater London is on the move, years after its formation.
Manchester City host Liverpool in a game that could shape the course of the title race - with Jurgen Klopp saying his team must take their chances.
England captain Harry Kane scores again as Bayern Munich win at Cologne to move top of the German Bundesliga table.
Sir Elton John says getting manager Graham Taylor to Watford was one of the greatest moments of his life and he still goes "crazy" supporting the team.
George Ford kicks a late penalty to preserve Sale's 12-month winning Premiership run at home as the leaders overcame Bath.
Alex de Minaur cruises past Emil Ruusuvuori in straight sets as Australia beat Finland 2-0 to reach a second successive Davis Cup final.
Jack Harrison talks about life as an Everton player and gives his thoughts on their 10-point deduction.
Leeds miss out on a seventh win in eight Championship games as they are held to a 1-1 draw by struggling Rotherham.
Twenty-four hostages captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
They are some of the reported 24 hostages released by Hamas in Gaza and transferred into Egypt.
Kittiya Thuengsaeng feared her boyfriend was killed on 7 October - but now says he's been freed from Gaza.
A long-anticipated four-day pause in hostilities has come into effect, with both sides saying the pause is temporary.
The foreign secretary tells Israel it will never be secure unless there is "security and stability" for the Palestinian people.
Clemence Mtenga should have graduated from university this week - instead his body is being flown home.
Use our interactive calculator to find out how much more you'll be paying for energy each month.
The Met Police said 15 people were arrested, though the "overwhelming majority" protested lawfully.
Nine-year-old Ohad Munder, held by Hamas for seven weeks, ran towards his father on Friday.
Outrage is no substitute for answers when it comes to record UK immigration, says Laura Kuenssberg.
Omid Scobie criticises media reports that use translations of extracts from his new book Endgame.
Ireland's Katie Taylor dethrones England's Chantelle Cameron to avenge her only career defeat in an extraordinary fight in Dublin.
Huda Kattan, the influencer and owner of Huda Beauty, says the cosmetics industry objectifies women.
The auction will also include backstage photographs, lyric notes from Jim Morrison and guitars.
Three children and a woman were injured in the incident, which was followed by intense rioting.
The unexploded device is discovered after spring tides cause cliffs and part of a road to collapse.
Thousands of homes are without power after Russia bombarded the capital over six hours.
Officials in India say the rescue operation could be delayed by a further four or five days.
The ex-police officer who murdered George Floyd in Minneapolis is reported to have survived the attack.
Substitute Kai Havertz scores a late winner at Brentford to send Arsenal top of the Premier League in Mikel Arteta's 200th game in charge.
Ireland's police chief blames riots in Dublin on a "hooligan faction driven by far-right ideology".
Children of past students are favoured in admissions - now state legislators are calling for this to end.
After his Dutch election win. will the anti-Islam populist leader be able to effect any of his ideas?
As he prepares for his UK tour, the Bollywood rapper opens up about fame and his mental health.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The cottage in the Scottish Highlands has become an eyesore due to its link to Jimmy Savile.
Emma is taking on the challenge after her 16-year-old daughter unexpectedly took her own life.
A tree is given to London every year as a token of thanks for support in the Second World War.
A banner protesting at Everton's 10-point penalty was flown over Manchester City's Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
It comes following a review into procedures at the publicly-funded Welsh-language channel S4C.
A fast-food courier who saw children being stabbed outside their school in Dublin has described how he helped to stop the attacker.
Nationwide protests against gender violence and in memory of Giulia Cecchettin will take place on Saturday.
For almost two years, work has been underway to reopen the Churchill Way dock feeder.
A Victorian passport, once owned by artist Sir Charles Lock Eastlake, was found at Mount Kelly.
The department store is partnering with Covid-19 testing firm Randox Health to offer new services.
Kai Havertz says he "put his ego aside" to help Arsenal move to the top of the Premier League with victory at Brentford.
Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino is "angry and disappointed" as his side slump to a 4-1 defeat by Newcastle United at St James' Park.
Two draws in a row gives hope to title challengers, says Phil McNulty, but those results might be the best their rivals can hope for.
Jeopardy is in short supply in F1, but there's a fight going on between titans Mercedes and Ferrari over second in the constructors' championship.
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker and Alan Shearer discuss whether Crystal Palace winger Michael Olise has scored the goal of the season against Luton.
Jannik Sinner beats Novak Djokovic to help Italy overcome Serbia to join Australia in the Davis Cup final.
Match of the Day's Ian Wright analyses how Liverpool forward Darwin Nunez can improve his consistency and performance with some "minor tweaks".
If Israel decides to go south, a larger humanitarian disaster could be looming, writes Paul Adams.
The pause in fighting allows Gazans to gather supplies and assess the widespread damage.
The return of 39 women and teenagers is being seen by some as a symbolic victory over Israel.
Twenty-four hostages captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
Relatives of those held hostage by Hamas hope Friday's deal paves the way for more to be released.
Kittiya Thuengsaeng feared her boyfriend was killed on 7 October - but now says he's been freed from Gaza.
Hostages including young children and elderly women are freed from Gaza during a temporary ceasefire.
Avigail Idan, who turned four while she was held hostage by Hamas, was among nine children released.
Terry Venables, who led England to the semi-finals of Euro 96, dies at the age of 80 after a long illness.
The dystopian novel depicting an Ireland slipping into totalitarianism bags the prestigious award.
The EastEnders star says his mother's death from cervical cancer in 2009 "changed my life completely".
Pro-Palestinian TikTok posts gain traction with Gen Z, while slicker Israeli content is popular on X.
The comedian and actor confesses she was not a Dr Who fan before becoming the Doctor's companion.
Organisers say the event is the first of its kind since the Israel-Gaza war broke out.
The prime minister says foreign investors' plans to invest £29.5bn is a "huge vote of confidence".
The ex-police officer who murdered George Floyd in Minneapolis is reported to be in a stable condition.
Senior Conservative sources say he told them he had been approached by Reform UK.
Two people are said to be involved in a fight at the Palace Theatre in Manchester on Friday night.
An officer was treated in hospital after being hit by a firework as trouble flared in Auchinleck, East Ayrshire.
Terry Venables was "the best English coach we've had", says Gary Lineker as he leads tributes to the former England boss.
The Greek prime minister calls for the reunification of the artefacts, also known as the Parthenon Sculptures.
The Wakhi shepherdesses share life in Pakistan's mountains and how they have changed things for a new generation.
Inflation may be easing but the impact of high interest rates is still to kick in for many people.
Three men called Paul are on the shortlist of six. Will one of them take the prize in tonight's ceremony?
People living near a planned pylon corridor describe a government compensation offer as a "con".
Musician Fabio Tedde has been busking on the Tube for 20 years - and has no plans to stop.
The phenomenon is caused by the refraction of moonlight from ice crystals.
Some right-wing US politicians want Ukraine to vote as scheduled next year. Ukrainians don't.
Over 200 people backed the campaign to secure Lismore's closure-threatened store for the future.
Owners may have "nowhere else to turn" if vets cannot cope with demand, rescue homes warn.
The cuisine, wildly popular in Indian streets and restaurants, is now finding a place on food menus in the US.
President Julius Maada Bio said most of the leaders behind the attack had been arrested and calm restored.
A closer look at what Argentina's president-elect has said he will do once he is in office.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Artists aim to alter how we view the colonialist past through the lens of a library's collection.
Meet the woman who met her future husband through their shared love of Doctor Who.
Has Alejandro Garnacho already wrapped up goal of the season - and how does his effort compare to some classic overhead kicks?
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
MOTD2 pundit Jermaine Jenas says the trip to Manchester City next weekend might be the time for Tottenham manager Ange Postecoglou to adapt his playing style.
Match of the Day 2's Mark Chapman, Danny Murphy, Theo Walcott and Jermaine Jenas discuss Alejandro Garnacho's sensational goal of the season contender in Manchester United's win at Everton.
Jannik Sinner beats Alex de Minaur in straight sets to secure Italy's first Davis Cup title for 47 years.
Heading into the final international break of 2023, the Women's Super League table has a very familiar look - and the results this weekend indicate it will stay that way.
There was a mix of hope and fear this weekend for the families of hostages expected to remain in Gaza.
The Israeli army says it was mounting a raid in the city of Jenin to capture a Palestinian suspect.
Irish-Israeli Emily Hand, who was kidnapped on 7 October, was freed as part of a truce deal with Hamas.
Thirty-nine Palestinian prisoners were freed by Israel in exchange for hostages held in Gaza.
Some residents have returned to northern Gaza during a four-day pause in fighting between Israel and Hamas.
Urgent diplomacy enables the release of 13 more Israelis and 39 Palestinian prisoners under the fragile Gaza truce deal.
Forty-one people captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
BBC Arabic and BBC Verify have pieced together how armed groups came together to train for the assault.
Kyriakos Mitsotakis, who wants the Parthenon Sculptures returned, is described as "disappointed".
Brianna Ghey, 16, was stabbed 28 times in a "sustained and violent assault", a court hears.
The mum and dad of a two-day-old girl who died want a national inquiry into maternity services.
Vicky Donald says her daughter got so sick of seeing videos circulating of her attack she gave up her phone.
The comic was suing the production company after private comments he made were leaked to the media.
Laurence Fox tells the High Court his life has been "destroyed" after being called a racist.
Patient had mild illness and is fully recovered from a strain of H1N2 normally seen in pigs.
The library urges users to change their passwords after earlier saying only employee data was leaked.
Mirza Shahzad Akbar said the chemical missed his eyes but caused injuries on his body.
The English Defence League founder was asked by organisers not to attend the rally against antisemitism.
Buyers say they have been left hanging as a company that provides IT to law firms sees its services hit.
The ceasefire extension between Israel and Hamas feature on Tuesday's front pages, alongside news about the economy.
BBC Introducing's Artist of the Year talks about finding her voice and protecting her sound.
The actress finds it hard to reconcile her "fairy tale story" with the tough reality for most Latinos.
Cold Weather Payments are available to some when there is a run of sub-zero temperatures.
The part played by the Red Cross in the Gaza hostage releases highlights its unique role.
Elle Gorman and George Cooper explain how they were told their post-long Covid illness didn't exist.
The phenomenon is caused by the refraction of moonlight from ice crystals.
Terry Venables was "the best English coach we've had", says Gary Lineker as he leads tributes to the former England boss.
New website platforms are working like matchmakers to connect potential job sharers.
'Lord Williams' was jailed in 1995 for fraud, but locals say his spending left a positive legacy.
An estimated seven Kenyan women die a day after unsafe abortions even though they are legal in some cases.
The Supreme Court has a mixed record in cleaning up pollution in India's capital.
PC Jonathan Broadhead faces gross misconduct proceedings over Tasering the child in January 2021.
Home secretary admits using "inappropriate language" to describe Labour MP - but not Stockton North.
Snowstorms and flooding have hit parts of Russia and Ukraine, leaving nearly two million people without power.
Repeated requests to join meetings in early 2020 were refused, London and Greater Manchester mayors say.
The Grammy-winning rapper is accused of co-founding a violent street gang in Atlanta, Georgia.
Police say the shooter, who killed himself, was "quite intoxicated at the time".
Jill Biden unveils this year's White House holiday decorations, designed to evoke wonder and joy.
Andrew Bailey raises concerns over growth and rules out any early cut in interest rates.
A charity says it is receiving "small numbers" of reports from schools but now is the time to act.
Forecasters say there could be snow in the south of the UK later this week as temperatures drop.
Health experts are appalled as the new government plans to repeal the policy to fund tax cuts.
Leaked documents show how the COP28 host planned to use its role to strike fossil fuel business deals.
The surf and music festival is applying to increase its capacity by almost 23% to 65,000 people.
Caolan Gormley, 26, will be sentenced at the Old Bailey on Friday after being convicted earlier.
Hughie was diagnosed with leukaemia in 2020, and has gone on to raise thousands with best friend Freddie.
A Northern Irish pub's take on Christmas adverts gets the John Lewis seal of approval.
Extra increase on top of 6% rise given this year will now be put to union members in England.
In a statement, ITV said the food critic had left the jungle, adding she had been a "great campmate".
Trains will be suspended from next June because of renovation work at Amsterdam's central station.
But sources close to the PM dispute the document the former home secretary refers to amounted to a deal.
Police release images of the "very limited view" from a van as a warning to other motorists.
The AA blames the increase in pothole-related problems on poor weather and recent storms.
Ms Perry died in January after being told Caversham Primary received a critical Ofsted report.
Caravans had to be moved after "very unstable" cliffs gave way in Suffolk.
Hurricane winds and heavy flooding batter southern Russia and Ukrainian regions seized by Moscow.
The suspects are accused of inciting the murder and pointing out the teacher to the killer.
Has Alejandro Garnacho already wrapped up goal of the season - and how does his effort compare to some classic overhead kicks?
Jude Bellingham scores his 14th goal of the season as Real Madrid return to the top of La Liga with a 3-0 victory at lowly Cadiz.
Auctioneer director John Black says it is going to be a pleasure to host the sale in December.
Scenes for Napoleon, Saltburn and a new Brad Pitt movie were shot just a few miles apart.
The bill would make it easier and cheaper for homeowners to extend their lease or buy their freehold.
Perpetrators could face up to two years in prison and up to 10 years on the Sex Offenders Register.
They ran businesses, were spies, preachers and faced violence during the 1640s wars, says an expert.
President Julius Maada Bio says most of the leaders behind the attack are detained and calm restored.
Wolves manager Gary O'Neil says bad refereeing decisions are affecting "reputations" and "livelihoods" after his side's controversial Premier League defeat at Fulham.
Mark Selby and Judd Trump both advance in the UK Championship with dominant first-round victories over Mark Joyce and Pang Junxu, in York.
Willian grabs a controversial injury-time winner from the penalty spot as Fulham beat Wolves in the Premier League.
Once it was China, not Saudi Arabia, on a multi-million pound recruitment drive to buy in the world's best football talent. In just a few years though, the Chinese Super League's big-money plans have imploded.
Lionel Messi's arrival at Inter Miami is 'gripping' the United States and improving the trajectory of MLS, writes Guillem Balague.
England batter Harry Brook claims the top prize at the 2023 Cricket Writers' Club awards.
Watch the late Terry Venables giving a training session at Barcelona featuring Gary Lineker, Mark Hughes and a hard-working translator.
Abdurahman Al-Zaghal, who was shot in the head, is among the latest prisoners to be released.
Fifty-eight people captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
It comes after a four-day pause where hostages in Gaza and prisoners in Israel have been released.
The US entrepreneur was shown around a kibbutz in Israel that was attacked on 7 October.
Avigail Idan, who turned four while she was held hostage by Hamas, was among nine children released.
As one of the region's most dangerous borders hots up, peacekeepers have an ever more perilous job.
Thousands lined the streets near the Hatzerim military base in southern Israel to welcome the hostages freed from Gaza on Sunday.
From elderly grandparents to young children, these are the people known to still be captive.
Mohammad dar-Darwish, 17, was among 39 women and teenagers released on Saturday night after a nervous wait.
The workers were stuck for two weeks after a part of a tunnel they were working in collapsed.
Fourty-one Indian workers are finally rescued from a tunnel that partially caved in after a landslide.
National Grid ESO's scheme offers some households a chance to save on energy bills during peak hours.
It appears the book mistakenly named a Royal Family member alleged to have questioned the skin colour of Harry and Meghan's baby.
The film based on one of Roald Dahl's most beloved characters has its world premiere in London.
After talks between UK and Greek leaders are cancelled, our Europe correspondent gauges the response in Athens.
The body that accredits human-rights watchdogs is to conduct a "special review" of UK commission.
A family says the unlabelled chocolate left four children hallucinating and feeling "spaced out".
Ofsted inspector Alan Derry tells Ruth Perry's inquest the head teacher became "upset" and "tearful".
People are being told to prepare for potentially "hazardous conditions" amid freezing weather.
But the minister apologises for the government's "errors" during the pandemic at the Covid inquiry.
The iconic steam journey from Fort William to Mallaig could hit the buffers if a judicial review fails.
A new book on rifts within the Royal Family is continuing to make headlines on Wednesday's front pages.
Investigators are looking for clues on whether the attack on three Palestinian students was a hate crime.
As the compilation series enters its fifth decade, here's all the trivia you could hope for.
Forty-one construction workers were freed after over two weeks trapped in a tunnel.
How did the oldest town in Canada end up with a university outpost in what was the UK's newest town?
Alice Fenton is one of many homebuyers currently in limbo as a result of a cyber-attack on IT firm CTS.
Looking for sizzling drama and untold intrigue? Our royal correspondent says you might be disappointed.
Actor Colman Domingo plays Bayard Rustin, who was a key figure in the civil rights movement.
Residents of an area of high ground in Miami say developers are pricing them out of their homes.
The number of young people using electronic cigarettes has skyrocketed in the past two years.
A French start-up is ready to use an enzyme which can break down plastic on an industrial scale.
With a bullet lodged in his spine, Hisham Awartani phoned his British-born grandmother after Saturday's shooting.
The last open crossing, in the Arctic Circle, will close on Thursday night, the government says.
The Grammy-winning rapper is accused of co-founding a violent street gang in Atlanta, Georgia.
Plans to introduce 10-minute sin-bins in football for cynical fouls and dissent have been recommended for trial in the professional game.
The Parthenon Sculptures are back in the news but is this story also about a looming general election?
Jobs will go across several back-office divisions in a move the union brands "disgraceful".
Heavy metals were used to poison Kyrylo Budanov's wife, Marianna, an intelligence official tells the BBC.
NHS Fife apologises after a woman was able to assist with patient care at St Andrews Community Hospital.
Valdo Calocane pleads guilty to killing Barnaby Webber, Grace O'Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates.
Lisa Wilkinson, who is also the granddaughter of the chain's founder, said she had let people down.
The working, 18-carat gold toilet - called America - was stolen from Blenheim Palace in 2019.
The government announces plans to introduce minimum service levels in schools from next year.
Hospital worker David Fuller abused the bodies of 101 women and girls over a 13-year period.
The UAE, hosts of the COP28 climate summit, is breaking its own ban on gas flaring, the BBC finds.
Virgin Atlantic is flying the first big passenger plane using 100% alternative fuels from London to New York.
The Office for Budget Responsibility says the plans are "uncertain" and rely on projected savings.
Monique Olivier goes on trial in France 33 years after Joanna Parrish was found dead in a river.
A plan to kill Brianna Ghey was found in one of the accused's bedrooms, a trial hears.
Police say preliminary investigations show the vehicle was unlocked with the key inside when it was taken.
Google is investigating reports that some users of its Drive service cannot access recent files.
The Girls Trip actress says "this will never happen again" after being arrested for driving under the influence.
The mum and dad of a two-day-old girl who died want a national inquiry into maternity services.
Waiting lists for non life-threatening conditions have reached record levels, leaving patients in pain.
Girvan lifeboat's crew were joined on their training exercise by a large pod of dolphins.
The government says teachers are cutting admin time, but there are concerns about reliability.
Union leaders say strikes more likely, after ministers offer consultants in England up to 19% extra.
The UK's survival rate lags behind comparable nations and that must change, says Cancer Research UK.
The 1.8 mile stretch of road includes a 30mph section that is only 520ft long.
Yellow Brick Road is the new name for Occupation Road in a nod to the singer's 1973 album.
The actor says the speech he was reading was edited, removing critical comments about Donald Trump.
Vicky Donald says her daughter got so sick of seeing videos circulating of her attack she gave up her phone.
The singer says each choir member, aged between six and 19, is an "inspiration in their own right".
Caity Baser, The Last Dinner Party and Sekou are up for the award previously won by Flo and Adele.
Kylian Mbappe scores a late penalty to deny Newcastle an impressive win at Parc des Princes but the draw keeps the visitors in the fight to reach the Champions League knockout stages.
Manchester City come from two goals behind to beat RB Leipzig and ensure top spot in Champions League Group G.
Two points from six games last season. One from five this term. What do Celtic have to do to change Champions League narrative?
Seven-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan claims a comfortable 6-2 first-round victory over Anthony McGill in the UK Championship in York.
Glenn Maxwell hits the joint-fastest T20 century for Australia as the tourists keep alive their series hopes against India.
Lionesses forward Beth Mead says she is "super proud" to be back in the England squad for the first time in a year.
Watch Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta nutmeg midfielder Martin Odegaard in a training session, before running away in celebration.
Diarrhoea is widespread in shelters and chronic illnesses are not being treated, the UN agency warns.
British-Israeli Noam Sagi spoke to the BBC after his mother Ada was freed from Hamas captivity in Gaza.
A total of 180 Palestinian prisoners have now been released from Israeli jails since last Friday.
Dozens of cars are seen queuing for fuel in Khan Younis as Gazans try to secure necessities during the ceasefire.
Eighty-one people captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
The BBC's Adnan Elbursh says he's seen many return to destroyed homes to search for clothing and blankets.
Israelis released from Gaza say they endured very little food, intimidation and no word from outside.
Ema and Yuly Cunio were let go with their mother on the fourth day of a truce between Israel and Hamas.
Yuval, Ofri and Oria Brodtz hugged their dog Rodney after being released by Hamas.
It brings the total number of Palestinians released since the first swap on Friday to 150.
The X boss, recently accused of antisemitism, discussed tackling hate with Israel's president.
Use our interactive calculator to find out how much more you'll be paying for energy each month.
Inflation may be easing but the impact of high interest rates is still to kick in for many people.
Millions of low-income households should have received the latest cost-of-living payment by 19 November.
National Insurance rates are falling, but other changes mean the overall tax burden is still rising.
The boys, aged eight and 14, were shot by Israeli troops in Jenin, Palestinian officials say.
Boris Johnson's former deputy says Sajid Javid is wrong to suggest the PM was his chief adviser's "puppet".
The big issues facing global leaders gathering for the world's most important climate summit.
The trio launched The Grand Tour on Amazon in 2016 after their departure from the BBC's Top Gear.
Thursday is the last day the public can see Tian Tian and Yang Guang before they are returned to China.
A UK-led task force will also begin patrols to protect Europe's critical undersea cables.
The I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here star has left on medical grounds, the ITV show says.
Astronomers hope to learn how its six planets formed and whether any of them are home to life
The bodies of Hugo Morris, Harvey Owen, Wilf Fitchett and Jevon Hirst were found in a crashed car.
The long-running show will have an overhaul, but more resources will go into BBC digital journalism.
Ministers say the ban will be added to the law at a later stage, raising doubts about its inclusion.
Carrie Redhead, 27, was born with a rare digestive disorder which affects her mobility.
Air pollution, Rwanda's agreement with the UK over migrants and events in Gaza also feature on the front pages of Thursday's newspapers.
The BBC Scotland drama Scotch on the Rocks was so contentious it has been locked away for 50 years.
How did a Dutch translation appear to identify a member of the Royal Family in a race row?
Children with speech problems could not access therapy during Covid - but now some are getting expert help.
This week really was quite something for Rishi Sunak, says the BBC's Chris Mason.
Nikki Houston waives her anonymity to speak as her dad is jailed for raping her as a child.
The son was among 41 workers who were trapped in a tunnel in India's Uttarakhand state for 17 days.
The singer-songwriter started a competition asking schools to create videos for his new album.
No-one has been able to find out the true identity of a baby named Gabriel by medics, even with DNA.
After talks between UK and Greek leaders are cancelled, our Europe correspondent gauges the response in Athens.
Temperatures dropped to well below freezing across the UK, as snow fell in Scotland and east England.
Manchester United's hopes of advancing in the Champions League suffer a blow as they let a two-goal lead slip at Galatasaray.
Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer accuses the PM of trying to "humiliate" his Greek counterpart over the Elgin Marbles row.
As billions face water shortages, a new study warns of the cryptocurrency's thirst for water.
The opt-out tests help with earlier diagnoses and treatment, the health secretary says.
The X-rated performer had a legendary status among Brits travelling to the Spanish resort on holiday.
A digger being used to replace groynes on a beach at the resort becomes submerged in the water.
Police are said to have intervened to be on the safe side, after a specific target was identified.
Brianna Ghey, 16, was given pills weeks before she was stabbed to death, the prosecution says.
There are only around 40 of the animals left in the world, conservationists say.
"I don't think we know where all those people are," a senior civil servant tells MPs.
The suspect tried to pay a hitman to kill an American member of a Sikh separatist group, prosecutors say.
A BBC report said the UAE planned to use its role as host of UN climate talks to strike oil and gas deals.
US class action lawsuit seeks huge damages for his promotion of the world's largest crypto exchange.
An explosive eruption sends volcanic rock hurtling into the sea around Niijima Island, south of Tokyo.
England captain Owen Farrell makes himself unavailable for the 2024 Six Nations "in order to prioritise his and his family's mental wellbeing".
The singer had platinum blonde hair at the red carpet event for her Renaissance film premiere.
The paramedic can be seen crashing to the ground and holding his elbow in the video footage.
Baby formula is one of the areas in which prices have risen by more than costs, a watchdog says.
British coaches are no longer allowed to weigh gymnasts under new rules to protect "physical and psychological health".
The star's sons had previously argued over whether a will found in the star's couch was valid.
Molly Russell's father says 'little has changed' six years after 14-year-old took her own life.
With over 6,000 classifications on Spotify, fewer fans choose their music by genre in the digital age.
Manchester United played out a classic European match with Galatasaray - but goalkeeper Andre Onana's mistakes led to ultimate disappointment.
Arsenal reach the Champions League knockouts for the first time in seven years and top Group B with a thumping victory over Lens at Emirates Stadium.
Owner John Henry has ended title droughts on both sides of the Atlantic, but neither Liverpool or Boston Red Sox fans are entirely happy with the direction he is taking their teams.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says he is responsible for his side's tendency to throw away leads in the Champions League.
England Test captain Ben Stokes has surgery to address a long-standing knee problem.
Ninety-seven people captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
Israelis released from Gaza say they endured very little food, intimidation and no word from outside.
The wait, however, could be futile, as demand is far greater than supply.
Palestinians are filled with anger and despair as they seek basic supplies during the truce in Gaza.
A British-Palestinian surgeon has been talking to the BBC since his return to the UK from Gaza.
Wael Qudeih has already had to rebuild his family home twice after previous conflicts.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
A scheme to reward people for cutting back on electricity use is running for a second day.
Images commissioned by the BBC reveal damage across Gaza while video shows areas reduced to rubble.
The ex-health secretary also said a "toxic culture", driven by Dominic Cummings, hindered the Covid response.
Omid Scobie denies in a BBC interview claims a version of his book deliberately identified two royals.
COP28 president Sultan al-Jaber pulled off an unexpected victory securing long-awaited climate disaster help.
The drink, dentistry and other stories that overshadowed the music of the late former Pogues singer.
Aston Villa confirms that no Legia Warsaw fans were let into the stadium following the disorder.
Tributes from all sides to former Labour chancellor who steered the UK through 2008's economic crisis.
Researchers say cyber-criminals are offering big sums for hotels' log-in details to target holidaymakers.
The company says the Prestatyn site will close straight away, and apologises to customers.
The death of the contentious former US secretary of state draws nostalgia and compliments in China.
It is very cold at the moment in the UK, but is it going to get colder? And when can we expect the switch to something milder?
A stag in Minnesota was stranded on thin ice until a rescue team stepped in - on all fours.
Former Labour chancellor Alistair Darling, who has died at the age of 70, found himself at the centre of the 2008 global financial crisis.
Tesla boss Elon Musk says the new cybertruck will "change the look of the roads".
Alleged victims tell the BBC top clubs prioritise commercial interests over the safety of women.
The fantastic night-sky light display explained.
How did a Dutch translation appear to identify a member of the Royal Family in a race row?
Aniol Serrasolses' descent down a glacial waterfall in Svalbard is the biggest ever recorded.
The government is planning to reform the system - but there are calls to scrap it entirely.
Russia's Supreme Court declares the "international LGBT public movement" an extremist organisation.
Eurostar posted on X that a train was "being detached from the overhead power lines".
Rail workers have voted to accept a pay deal, ending their involvement in a long-running series of strikes.
The UK will take a closer look at the sale of the Telegraph to Gulf investors.
Sian Hedges and her ex-partner Jack Benham used "violent discipline" on her son, Alfie Phillips.
The food critic says she is determined to focus on "huge personal breakthroughs" she made on the show.
The tech giant will start deleting accounts that are not being used.
Liverpool reach the Europa League last 16 as group winners with a comfortable victory over LASK at Anfield.
Seven-time champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he "can't be bothered any more" despite reaching the UK Championship quarter-finals.
Alex Moreno marks his injury return with the winner as Aston Villa beat Legia Warsaw 2-1 to take control of their Europa Conference League group.
Tiger Woods shoots a three-over-par 75 as he makes his return to competitive golf in the Hero World Challenge.
Ross McCausland's first Rangers goal keeps them second in their Europa League group as Aris Limassol draw at Ibrox.
An arrest warrant is issued for Buffalo Bills linebacker Von Miller in a domestic violence case involving a pregnant woman.
England fly-half Zoe Harrison will miss Saracens' game against Harlequins on 2 December after being banned for "hair pulling or grabbing".
One-hundred-and-five people captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
Two Bedouin teenagers are among the last of the young hostages yet to be released by Hamas.
Two dual US-Israeli citizens have so far been released as part of a Qatari-brokered ceasefire in Gaza.
The 22-year-old was arrested earlier this month over an Instagram post her family say she did not write.
The WHO warns that more people in Gaza could die from disease than from bombings.
There are still over 100 hostages being held by Hamas in Gaza, including at least 16 women.
The UAE's state oil company is set to be the world's second biggest producer, analysis shows.
Ella Toone scores a late winner as England come from two goals down to beat the Netherlands at Wembley in a tie crucial for their Olympic Games hopes.
Two contestants in the Christmas version of the BBC quiz say their disabilities weren't provided for.
Royal sources say the tie was a coincidence and not linked to Rishi Sunak's spat with the Greek PM.
Temperatures could fall to -10C in north-east Scotland after snow swept across parts of the UK on Friday.
The star was best known for TV shows Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads? and Still Open All Hours.
The prisoner allegedly said he attacked Chauvin on Black Friday as a symbolic link to Black Lives Matter.
Former AFC Wimbledon managing director Danny Macklin, 32, says he was found in Cornwall.
"To hell with this place," the disgraced congressman says as he leaves the Capitol.
Russia's president signs a decree aimed at increasing numbers of serving military personnel by 170,000.
Victoria Mary Clarke wants Fairytale of New York to top the festive chart in her husband's memory.
Saturday's papers look at the prospect of a long war in Gaza and the continuing fallout from Omid Scobie's book.
After the naming of names in the race row, the Royal Family has to tackle difficult questions.
At its peak, the holiday park had 30 venues across the UK, now it is left with just four.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
The Traitors: Uncloaked will show eliminated players from the reality TV hit who the traitors are.
The app that gives women a place to speak out about sexual harassment and other #MeToo issues.
As the first woman on the Supreme Court, Justice O'Connor was a trailblazer and a powerful moderate.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Train drivers are holding rolling walkouts in December in a long-running row over pay and conditions.
Climate change is a threat to thousands of animal species, including gorillas, pangolins and turtles.
The senior judge is now recovering at home from the attack by a man whose case he was hearing.
Ten years after the release of GTA 5, the next game in the series is due to be unveiled on 5 December.
World leaders agree to tackle the huge carbon footprint of the food we produce and eat.
Fewer swimming spots are rated "excellent" and more rated "poor" by the environment watchdog.
The former health secretary says avoiding action in autumn 2020 led to tougher lockdowns later on.
An application by ex-players to sue as a group will be considered next year, the High Court hears.
The network says it is working on the issue to fix it as soon as possible.
Ethiopian Airlines says the luggage, known by various names across Africa, can damage equipment.
Isaac Uzoegbu was hit by a car when he ran from home. His head teacher says it could have been prevented.
The 70-year-old Norwegian spruce grew near Oslo and is destined for Trafalgar Square in the capital.
The dancer, 33, says her "nightmare seems to be never ending" after a blood clot on her lung.
The Nationwide says there are "encouraging signs" that mortgage rates are starting to come down.
The hulk of the 'Africa' is found on the bed of Lake Huron in Canada by filmmakers looking for mussels.
Dynamic weather is a rumoured feature in GTA 6. But what is it, and what does it mean for players?
Ronnie O'Sullivan keeps his hopes of a record-extending eighth UK Championship crown alive with a courageous 6-5 comeback victory against Zhou Yuelong in York.
Scotland will be relegated to Women's Nations League B despite Erin Cuthbert's stunning equaliser against Belgium.
England stand-in captain Mary Earps believes she "really let the team down" in their comeback win over the Netherlands in the Women's Nations League.
Marcus Smith impresses as Harlequins score five tries to beat Premiership leaders Sale 36-3.
Wales are relegated from the top tier of the Nations League as they are beaten 2-1 by Iceland in Cardiff.
Ilias Chair sets up both QPR goals as the Championship strugglers add to Preston's woes with victory at Deepdale.
Mia Brookes, Penny Healey and Charlie McIntyre are shortlisted for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year award.
Speaking at COP28, King Charles III says humans are carrying out a "vast, frightening experiment" on the planet.
Here's what you need to know about the man in charge of the UN climate conference
The big issues facing global leaders gathering for the world's most important climate summit.
Small changes to our lifestyles and choices could limit our personal carbon footprint.
COP28 president Sultan al-Jaber pulled off an unexpected victory securing long-awaited climate disaster help.
World temperatures are rising due to human activity, posing serious threats to people and nature.
Leaked documents show how the COP28 host planned to use its role to strike fossil fuel business deals.
The latest climate change summit follows a year of weather extremes and broken temperature records.
A seven-day ceasefire between Israel and Hamas has ended, bringing with it explosions and bloodshed.
The UN says renewed war between Israel and Hamas is "catastrophic" and a "nightmare".
One-hundred-and-five people captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
Both Israel and Hamas are blaming each other for violating the terms of the agreement.
Palestinians tell the BBC they were beaten and had dogs set on them while in Israeli detention.
Images commissioned by the BBC reveal the damage in Gaza before the recent temporary truce started.
The top diplomat delivers the strongest US remarks yet in Israel on protecting Palestinian civilians.
Mia Schem is among eight more people released from Gaza on Thursday, in a swap for Palestinian prisoners.
Civilians in parts of north and south Gaza have been told to evacuate as Israel's renewed bombardment continues.
Cumbria Police declare a "major incident" after heavy snowfalls and reports of vehicles getting stuck.
A German is stabbed to death as officials say tourists are targeted in a knife and hammer attack.
Musk's profane attack on advertisers baffled experts - without adverts, how would X survive?
The Labour leader says Conservative PM set loose "our natural entrepreneurialism".
Sian and Jeffrey Edwards had always assumed the 64lb projectile in their garden was a "dummy".
Victoria Atkins' performance, when pressure mounts on the NHS, is vital for her party's prospects.
A senior Tory MP urges the UK government to ban solar firms with links to forced labour in China.
BBC understands 32-year-old Maj Kevin McCool was on a motorcycle trip off base when he was attacked.
Henry Kissinger died aged 100 this week. His policies caused widespread destruction in Cambodia.
Scotland are drawn in the same group as hosts Germany at Euro 2024 while England are in Group C along with Denmark, Slovenia and Serbia.
Video shows violent tremors shaking goods off shop shelves and blowing out street lights.
Sunday's papers look at the continuing royal race row and the Labour leader's praise of Margaret Thatcher.
The Radio 5 Live presenter finds out that the answer could help many women like her.
See photographer Andy Gotts' pictures of the actors who have played the baddie in James Bond films.
As leaders gather in Dubai for the UN climate summit, experts say global warming is having a ‘profound effect' on health.
Why struggling parents aren't choosing cheaper brands when it comes to infant formula milk.
If Israel kills as many in south Gaza as in the north, Biden will face some tough questions over US support for its ally.
Metro tickets will cost more, rentals are soaring and Paris faces months of disruption.
Bodily autonomy should be top of the women’s rights agenda, says the 89-year-old activist.
In the past year a number of councils have ended up effectively bankrupt. What impact does it have?
Imelda Staunton found out the monarch had died while filming the final series of the Netflix show.
Engaging with climate sceptics can be a challenge - but some people are trying to change their minds.
A swell of online interest in the central African nation has young adults questioning what they puff.
Students describe the realities of university life with - and without - an animal's help.
Satirical film American Fiction follows a black writer trying to make the literary world change its ways.
The need for viral food videos is driving some unusual experiments - but do they work?
Caroline Buckley's coloured pencil skills win her the role of Plant Review's artist-in-residence.
There was no elimination this week, after the Casualty star pulled out after injuring a rib.
A new series of 24 Hours in Police Custody kicks off with a dramatic armed siege in Bedford.
The Strictly Come Dancing host tells listeners she wants to spend more time with her daughter.
Members of a French motorcycle group against bullying are charged with threats to headteacher.
Local residents were told to flee to high ground but the tsunami threat later passed, US officials say.
Three sites set to monitor deep space in a security arrangement between the UK, US and Australia.
Train and flight cancellations cause disruption to travellers in Germany, Austria and the Czech Republic.
Newcastle's Anthony Gordon is showing why he should be considered by England - and Marcus Rashford could be the man he replaces.
Ronnie O'Sullivan defeats Hossein Vafaei 6-2 and Ding Junhui beats Judd Trump 6-4 to set up a meeting in this year's UK Championship final in York on Sunday.
Dwight McNeil's goal gives Everton their first win since they had 10 Premier League points deducted as they hang on to beat Nottingham Forest.
Belfast's Michael Conlan suffers further disappointment as he is stopped in the seventh round by England's Jordan Gill in his home city.
Aaliyah Powell beats two-time Olympic champion Jade Jones on her way to bronze at the World Taekwondo Grand Prix Final.
Midfielder Bivesh Gurung scores a sublime winner to fire non-league Maidstone into the FA Cup third round, beating League Two Barrow 2-1 at the Gallagher Stadium.
The UK is sending unarmed, manned aircraft over Israel and Gaza to aid rescue efforts.
There are still over 100 hostages being held by Hamas in Gaza, including at least 16 women.
The head of Israel's military says the IDF is fighting "strongly and thoroughly" in southern Gaza.
The suspect tells police he was upset by "so many Muslims dying in Afghanistan and in Palestine".
Unsocialised dogs may become more dangerous and other large breeds could replace XLs, says vet.
Two police officers were injured and the suspect was taken to hospital but later declared dead.
Thousands are still without power and cars marooned by thick snow in Cumbria, with more warnings ahead.
Slang for romantic appeal or charm beat Swiftie and situationship in Oxford dictionary award.
The call for a break comes as Nigel Farage appears Down Under this year - following Matt Hancock.
Sir Keir Starmer will say in a speech there will be "huge constraints" if Labour win power.
Baroness Kinnock, a lifelong socialist campaigner, served as a minister under Gordon Brown.
Train drivers are holding rolling walkouts in December in a long-running row over pay and conditions.
Up to 30,000 people were given contaminated blood in the 1970s and 1980s. Thousands have died.
Kyiv investigates a video said to show two surrendering Ukrainian soldiers being shot by Russians.
Fairytale of New York has surged since the death of Pogues' frontman Shane MacGowan.
Other rising music stars up for the prize include The Last Dinner Party, Elmiene and Ayra Starr.
Forecasters are continuing to offer more real-time updates and personalised recommendations.
A record number of female students have started an agriculture course at Borders College.
Hundreds of hours go into Gaurav Gupta's designs for Beyoncé, Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion.
Younger workers are increasingly willing to talk to their colleagues about what they earn.
Spectators watched the partial demolition of the landmark Fiddler's Ferry power station.
Social activist Ndileka Mandela says "the global north is using economic and legal power to subjugate poor nations".
School best friends James and Colin lost touch in 1972 before they found each other again by chance.
Dejan Kulusevski heads an equaliser in the 90th minute as Tottenham earn a dramatic Premier League draw against Manchester City.
The veteran actor, who died in 2022 aged 93, reprised his role as Wilfred Mott one last time.
The activist is in Canada and is under investigation for breaching the national security law.
Ronnie O'Sullivan becomes the oldest-ever UK champion with a 10-7 victory over Ding Junhui as he claimed a record-extending eighth title in York.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland criticises referee Simon Hooper on social media over a controversial decision late in Sunday's dramatic 3-3 draw with Tottenham.
West Indies captain Shai Hope hits an unbeaten 109 to guide his side to a four-wicket win over England.
Wins are proving hard to come by for Pep Guardiola and Ange Postecoglou, but entertainment is in plentiful supply.
Jurgen Klopp says he doesn't think he has seen "a game with this amount of beautiful goals" after his Liverpool side beat Fulham in thriller.
Match of the Day 2's Mark Chapman, Jermaine Jenas and Leon Osman discuss the "monster mistake" made by referee Simon Hooper during Manchester City's 3-3 draw against Tottenham Hotspur.
Match of the Day 2's Jermaine Jenas and Leon Osman discuss how it's time for the "heartbeat" of the Liverpool team, Trent Alexander-Arnold, to take up a permanent role in central midfield.
The BBC's Hugo Bachega describes the situation in the south as Israel's bombardment continues.
The UK government says its five-point plan will curb legal migration, which has hit record levels.
James Cleverly is hoping to finally secure flights to the country for migrants who travel to the UK illegally.
MPs were voting on a plan to set up a compensation scheme for infected blood scandal victims.
An Israeli campaigner says militants planned acts of sexual violence committed in October's attack.
The Premier League agrees a new £6.7bn deal for its domestic television rights with Sky and TNT to show up to 270 live games a season, with the BBC continuing to screen highlights on Match of the Day.
A three-time world champion combined wakeskating and base jumping in a stunt performed in Dubai.
Intense competition for places to live is driving rents up and up, but is there hope for change?
"Unbelievable - you wouldn't treat your home like that," the comic says, at the litter-strewn floor.
Peter Norgrove killed Sharon Gordon with a hammer after a disagreement over work at her home.
An engine failure forces the pilot to make an emergency landing, crashing into an apartment building.
The British sprinter said the six-month driving ban could dash her Olympic hopes.
Championship side Sunderland sack head coach Tony Mowbray after 15 months in charge.
A Sheffield school is fighting dirty air with trees as new data links their absence to pollution.
Many in social care believe overseas staff saved the system from collapse, reports Alison Holt.
A Ukrainian soldier on the east side of the Dnipro river tells the BBC about life on the front line.
Drivers are holding rolling walkouts in December in a long-running row over pay and conditions.
Slang word for charisma beat "Swiftie" and "situationship" in Oxford dictionary award.
Their struggles mirror the dashed hopes of so many people confronting a slowing economy.
Forecasters are continuing to offer more real-time updates and personalised recommendations.
Customers say they have been failed and feel let down after losing hundreds of pounds to fraudsters.
The government has failed to meet its own promises - this week it makes renewed efforts to rectify that.
The BBC's Fergal Keane returns ahead of elections next year - 30 years since apartheid ended.
Amateur photographer Nick Sturdy says his images "don't do justice" to the feeling of being there.
Three children and a school assistant were injured in the attack, which was followed by rioting.
The 130kg bomb got caught in a fisherman's net and had to be detonated by the Danish Navy.
Eleven people were killed and another 12 are missing after Sumatra's Mount Marapi erupted.
The head of the UN climate talks in Dubai says "everything" he is doing is centred on science.
The UK's polar research vessel visits A23a, an iceberg that's more than twice the size of London.
Leaked papers suggest United Utilities logged dozens of incidents as less serious than they had been.
Other celebrities that have been hit by objects thrown by fans include Harry Styles, Pink and Cardi B.
The singer sarcastically thanks US magazine Variety for "outing" her during a red carpet interview.
The Football Association charges Manchester City after players surrounded referee Simon Hooper in Sunday's draw against Tottenham.
New data suggests that the cost of living has been rising faster than official inflation figures.
Sir Keir Starmer says the UK will face "huge constraints" on public spending if Labour wins power.
Stella Creasy says her children have a social services record because of an online troll's harassment.
Every year since 1947 Norway has sent a tree to London to say thank you for its support during WW2.
Ravel Morrison told magistrates he bought the permit for £50 from "someone in Old Trafford".
It says reports of passengers having to pay for a seat before they can download a boarding pass are false.
Fiji international Api Ratuniyarawa admits attacking three different women in a Cardiff bar.
Engineers say 99% of affected properties will have power restored by the end of Monday.
A 26-year-old man is accused of stabbing a German tourist to death near the Eiffel Tower on Saturday.
Tian Tian and Yang Guang departed the capital's airport for Chengdu on Monday afternoon.
The culture secretary says an increase of £15 to the fee would add to cost of living pressures.
Rachel Corsie says it is "outrageous" to question the integrity of Scotland before their Women's Nations League game with England.
Sheffield United, beaten 5-0 at Burnley on Saturday, are bottom of the Premier League with five points from 14 games.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has introduced an independent regulator in response to damning independent report into the game.
England and Bristol prop Kyle Sinckler says more players may follow captain Owen Farrell's lead and take a break from international rugby.
Boss Mikel Arteta wants goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale to stay at Arsenal despite losing his starting place to David Raya.
Christian Watson's catch for the Green Bay Packers features in week 13's NFL best plays.
The BBC's Rushdi Abualouf talks about his sorrow at leaving Gaza and how he plans to go back some day.
Medics in Gaza are using a unique acronym to describe children whose parents have been killed.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
The BBC has seen and heard evidence that Hamas fighters committed horrific sexual violence in Israel.
Police have launched a murder investigation after a woman died, and a man and a teenager were injured.
Ruthless England thump Scotland in their final Women's Nations League group match but their hopes of helping Team GB qualify for the Paris 2024 Olympics are over.
The home secretary says Rwanda is committed to the safety of anyone sent there as part of the government's migration deal.
Jesse Darling wins the prestigious £25,000 award for art making a comment on modern British life.
New rules will make it harder for British citizens to live in the UK with a foreign partner.
Schools in Aberfan were put under lockdown down following the "serious incident".
The guitarist and singer worked alongside Sir Paul McCartney and co-wrote the hit Mull of Kintyre.
Here's what our main takeaways are from the long-awaited trailer for the gaming blockbuster.
Mike Jeffries has taken legal action against the US retailer for refusing to cover his legal costs to defend the allegations.
Damion Johnson, who has been jailed, was "overcome with grief and not able to let go of his friend".
The Prince of Wales swapped Christmas cards with a Big Issue seller in Hammersmith.
People along one High Street in Swindon give their views on the government's Rwanda policy.
Muhammad Fadli suffered broken bones and burns after Mount Marapi in Indonesia erupted on Sunday.
A decade after Nelson Mandela's death, young South Africans are increasingly re-evaluating his legacy.
London gangs are recruiting young people to steal expensive watches off victims in the street.
Built during the Chinese property boom, Forest City is a stark reminder of the crisis in the sector.
Celebrities including Pamela Anderson and Gwyneth Paltrow graced the red carpet in London.
The UK progresses slightly in OECD education rankings - but food-poverty levels are above average.
Several passers-by are among those killed in gangland shootings and bombings beyond the big cities.
Rebecca Ferguson releases her new album independently after saying she was exploited and bullied.
Southeastern, Southern, Gatwick Express, SWR and Island Line are affected by the walkouts.
Olympic sports federations ask the International Olympic Committee to allow Russian and Belarusian athletes to compete as neutrals at next summer's Paris Games.
Walkouts are planned on three days in the run-up to Christmas and six days in the new year.
The Wall Street Journal reporter was arrested in Russia on espionage charges, which he has denied.
A total of 36 flood warnings are in force across England after snow gave way to heavy rain.
The Duke of Sussex's lawyers are challenging the Home Office over the decision to downgrade his protection.
Hackers were able to gain access because some customers reused old passwords, biotech company 23andMe said.
The historic company was controversially told to leave London or lose its Arts Council funding.
Brad Wale, who has Motor Neurone Disease, shared his dream to fulfil his bucket list.
Trevor Jacob is sentenced to six months in prison for staging a plane crash for social media clicks.
At least 22 people are known to have been killed on Mount Marapi after nine more bodies are found.
A whistleblower believes the self-driving vehicle technology is not safe enough for public roads.
Several reviews awarded the film five stars, although some suggested Timothée Chalamet was miscast.
Declan Rice's last-gasp header gives Arsenal victory in a seven-goal thriller at Luton to move them five points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Hwang Hee-chan scores a first-half winner as Wolves edge past relegation-threatened Burnley at Molineux.
Erik ten Hag has urged Manchester United's hierarchy to trust him to return the club to their former glories.
In 1951, a celebratory trophy parade is said to have crossed paths with a funeral procession. Whether true or not, their meeting hangs over Mayo's Gaelic football team.
A ruthless England thump Scotland 6-0 in their final Women's Nations League group match, but fail to top the table after Netherlands' two injury-time goals against Belgium.
Beth Mead says England are "devastated to miss out by such small margins" after being denied a place in the Women's Nations League finals.
Wales produce by far their best performance of the Nations League as they secure a surprise 0-0 draw with Germany at the Swansea.com stadium.
Ministers want to make their plan to send asylum seekers to Africa work - but nothing is certain.
Increasing minimum salary requirements is among a package of measures to cut migration to the UK.
The immigration minister says he is prepared to "take further steps" if net migration does not come down.
The government has announced changes to some of its rules on legal migration to the UK.
Millions of low-income households are receiving a £10 bonus after the latest cost-of-living payment.
The former immigration minister says the government's emergency legislation "does not go far enough".
The legislation could set up a politically explosive fight with the courts.
The former PM tells the pandemic inquiry he initially underestimated the challenge posed by the virus.
Boris Johnson mixed contrition with an effort to take on former colleagues who questioned him.
People say life in Khan Younis is "indescribable" as Israel's bombardment of the south intensifies.
The government signs a Hillsborough Charter but stops short of a law wanted by campaigners.
The woman was airlifted to hospital with non life-threatening injuries but has since been released.
A suspect has been found dead after a shooting at the Las Vegas campus of the University of Nevada.
Lianne Gordon was shot in an attack on Tuesday evening in which a man and boy were also wounded.
Illya Kyva was shot dead in a special operation by Ukraine's SBU security service, sources tell the BBC.
Following new legal action, the rapper says he "did not do any of the awful things being alleged".
A viral video captured the woman screaming at a Chipotle worker before throwing her food in her face.
Thursday's front pages cover the immigration minister quitting and the ex-prime minister at the Covid inquiry.
Users of the app also ran wild with discussion of the Roman Empire, yearbook filters and "girl dinner".
Mr Kim and his family pull off a seemingly impossible feat and gives new insights into life there.
As a US aid package becomes embroiled in domestic squabbles, Ukrainians fear financial help may dry up.
The site near Milton Keynes has never opened its doors to the media in its 85-year history - until now.
Fans of clubs ranging from the Premier League to the Women's Super League to non-league have their say.
Spain is the biggest olive oil producer. Two years of drought there are affecting prices worldwide.
An ordinary road is being transformed into a catwalk for one of fashion's most prestigious events.
On James "Jemmy" Wood's death, people lined the streets to boo and throw stones at his coffin.
The Hazara ethnic minority fear returning to life under the Taliban - many are hiding in Pakistan.
The actor has been missing from the public eye since April 2023, as he battled an undisclosed life-threatening condition.
Band members RM, Jimin, V and Jung Kook urge fans to avoid send-offs when they report for duty.
He was best known for his trailblazing sitcoms in the 1970s and 80s including All in the Family.
COP28 host country the United Arab Emirates is "cautiously optimistic" on a deal to at least reduce them.
The Access Controller is a 'highly customisable kit' of buttons, triggers and sticks, the firm says.
It is the first photo of the King and Princess of Wales together since a new book reignited a race row.
The National Trust has said it has high hopes it can nurture saplings from the tree's seeds.
PC Lewis Marks used a member of the public's bike to chase down a man in Northampton.
Aston Villa's deserved victory over Premier League champions Manchester City shows the impact Unai Emery is having at Villa Park, writes Phil McNulty.
Will Jacks hits 73 and Sam Curran takes 3-33 as England beat West Indies by six wickets in the second one-day international in Antigua.
Scott McTominay scores twice as Manchester United claim a morale-boosting victory over Chelsea at Old Trafford.
As he lay in a hospital bed recovering from a stroke, Matt Crossen was prepared for the physical battle to return to the football pitch. The mental challenge was more of a surprise.
Liverpool spoil Chris Wilder's Bramall Lane homecoming to remain hot on the heels of Premier League leaders Arsenal.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Aston Villa were "the better team" after Leon Bailey's deflected shot gave Unai Emery's side a fully deserved victory.
Oh Hyeon-gyu scores twice as Celtic swagger to a Scottish Premiership victory over a stunned Hibernian.
Dr Ahmed Moghrabi told the BBC there's a scarcity of food, water, medicine and he cannot operate on patients.
A three-hour meeting between freed hostages and Israel's leaders turned tense, observers say.
Attacks including fatal shootings of Palestinians by Jewish settlers have risen sharply since 7 October.
It is thought more than 100 Israelis are still being held hostage in Gaza after the 7 October attacks.
The Iran-backed Houthis have recently begun attacking vessels in the Red Sea they say are linked to Israel.
The Bank of England says fewer households will struggle to keep up with mortgage payments than previously thought.
A debt charity tells BBC Newsbeat using the schemes is almost as common as going into an overdraft.
CrossCountry and GWR are affected by the walkouts by members of train drivers' union Aslef.
In the days following an inspection at her school, the head teacher wrote down her innermost thoughts.
Police arrest serial killer Steve Wright on suspicion of murdering the teenager in Suffolk in 1999.
The former PM is the most high-profile witness so far to testify at the inquiry into the pandemic.
Kristen Stewart and Hugh Grant were among the stars to cram into a Manchester street to watch the show.
Damage to overhead electric wires is blocking routes in and out of London Paddington, National Rail says.
Writer and poet Benjamin Zephaniah, who has died aged 65, was known for his passion and dedication to his principles.
The Prince of Wales shocks Emma Webb by turning up on day 13 of her charity walk to London.
Lawsuit alleges Vodafone, EE, Three and O2 overcharged existing customers for their mobiles.
The indie band follow in the footsteps of Adele, Florence + The Machine and Sam Fender.
Rebellious Tory MPs from different wings of the party could sink the prime minister's asylum policy.
A man has been arrested after seven-year-old William Brown died when he was hit by a vehicle.
The Duke of Sussex is challenging the Home Office over a decision to downgrade his protection.
Nearly 10 years after 43 students disappeared, families say they will look "until the last beat" of their hearts.
A high-profile lawyer disputes a council's claim that public urination is littering.
Karin Kneissl danced with the Russian leader at her wedding. Now she's building a new life in Russia.
Find out how the world's major economies are doing on cutting their emissions and what lies ahead.
Ahead of two homecoming shows, iconic guitarist Johnny Marr considers his lifelong links to the city.
Accessibility in gaming is a hot topic - but there's still a lot of work to do to open up the hobby.
As more Rohingyas flee to Indonesia's Aceh by sea, angry villagers are refusing to let them land.
Trafalgar Square's famous tree has been lit up in a tradition dating back to 1947.
The six retired officers were told their behaviour had harmed public confidence in the police.
The BBC has seen evidence of foreigners without valid visas being sent to a military camp near Ukraine.
The Festival of Lights is marked around the world amid a difficult time for Jewish communities
MPs stop the "inappropriate treatment" of religious texts after a series of burnings of Islam's holy book.
The former presenter left ITV after he admitted lying about the affair.
The annual fee will rise by 6.6% - less than the BBC hoped for - based on September's rate of inflation.
Some areas could face flooding, with up to 80mm of rainfall forecast in some western areas.
Councillors agree to settle with a group of 114 responders who tackled the deadly tower-block blaze.
Diary entry claims Boris Johnson said singing and obesity were responsible for Wales Covid surge.
Masters champion and world number three Jon Rahm confirms he is making a shock move to join LIV Golf.
Tottenham captain Son Heung-min says his team-mates "need to take responsibility" as they drop points from a winning position again.
Everton climb out of the relegation zone just 20 days after being plunged into it, as Sean Dyche praises the team's mentality and connection.
Erik ten Hag says friends tried to talk him out of taking over as Manchester United manager because they thought he faced an "impossible job".
West Ham United manager David Moyes calls his side's comeback at Tottenham "one of the biggest wins I've had in football".
Shaun Murphy makes the first 147 break in Snooker Shoot-Out history as he beats Hungarian teenager Bulcsu Revesz.
Tottenham manager Ange Postecoglou says his team "lacked conviction" in their 2-1 defeat by West Ham, the fifth game in a row Spurs have dropped points from a winning position.
Amnesty and Human Rights Watch say a tank crew probably deliberately fired on Issam Abdallah.
Gadi Eisenkot's son Gal, 25, died after a tunnel shaft exploded in northern Gaza, Israeli media say.
"I just wanted them to be held": Inside the centre helping survivors of the 7 October attacks.
Find out how much has changed in the Gaza Strip since Israel began its military response to Hamas's attacks on 7 October.
As hunger spreads, the UN says it can no longer run a dependable humanitarian operation.
The Iran-backed Houthis have recently begun attacking vessels in the Red Sea they say are linked to Israel.
Israel rejects the UN chief's description of the war in Gaza as a "risk to international peace and security".
The group releases video it says shows the aftermath of a failed attempt to free a hostage held in Gaza.
The heartthrob was also known for his roles in What's Up, Doc?, Paper Moon and A Bridge Too Far.
Family and friends paid tribute to the lead singer of The Pogues, at his funeral in County Tipperary.
Remains of baby dinosaurs inside another dinosaur reveal what a young predator ate 75m years ago.
Omid Scobie says he included the names in an earlier version of the text of Endgame.
Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis post cards at their mother's carol concert.
The reptile, measuring 49cm (19.2 inches), is reportedly one of only seven leucistic alligators in the world.
Samuel Paty was killed after showing cartoons of the Prophet Muhammed in a class debate about freedom of expression.
In 2021, Ethan Crumbley killed four students at Oxford High School when he was 15 years old.
Last Christmas is back at number one, followed by Mariah Carey and The Pogues with Kirsty MacColl.
Comedian Lucy Beaumont, from Hull, says Timothée Chalamet will be "savaged by middle-aged women".
Rwanda has facilities ready to host asylum seekers but some there are not sure it is a good idea.
The rival groups of Tory MPs getting ready to give their verdict on Rishi Sunak's Rwanda plan.
Mountaineers recall how they escaped scalding hot ash and rocks on Indonesia's Mount Marapi.
Steelworkers in need of cash were among the men of Merthyr Tydfil who became medical guinea pigs.
BBC weather presenter Sabrina Lee explains why many saw a bright pink sky light up Wales.
A hospital nurse tells of her experience after her "overwhelming" Parkinson's disease diagnosis.
The death of head teacher Ruth Perry has provoked a nationwide debate about the role of Ofsted.
Callum John Grubb is only 19 but he is obsessed with everything from the 1940s, including his car.
Vaulting is the first equestrian sport in Italy where disabled and non-disabled riders compete together.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
Amid all the doom and gloom on climate change, there are some good reasons for cautious optimism.
The singer raked in the money faster than anyone and averaged one of the highest prices per ticket.
Scotland's Charity Air Ambulance described the discovery as a "Christmas cracker".
Leonarda Zarcone learned she did not have UK residency when she returned from a wedding in France.
Hunter Biden's book may have convinced prosecutors to file criminal, rather than civil, charges, say experts.
Claudine Gay was under fire over her testimony in Congress which was described as "painfully inadequate".
The French actor is under renewed pressure as a programme shows him sexually demeaning women.
Instead of the AI responding to voice and video, it was fed text prompts and still images.
Police say bystanders stopped the arson attempt and "saved an important part of American history".
Jamie Arnold made racist gestures to the former defender at Wolves' Molineux stadium in May 2021.
Rick Scott says Chinese garlic grown in sewage is unsafe and poses a threat to national security.
Three MPs now face an investigation by the parliamentary watchdog.
PC Joe Gerrard has spoken to the BBC about his ordeal as the man who tried to kill him is jailed.
Archbishop raises concerns about new rules for Britons who want to bring a foreign family member to the UK.
Locals say it is exciting to be in Manchester after Chanel held its prestigious Metiers d'Art.
Rishi Sunak's emergency legislation has attracted criticism from both sides of his party.
Sports Minister Prince Abdulaziz bin Turki Al Faisal defends Saudi Arabia's right to host the 2034 World Cup in exclusive interview with BBC sports editor Dan Roan.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says the onus is on Jadon Sancho to facilitate his return to the club's first-team squad.
Lewis Hamilton says the actions of Formula 1's governing body have been "unacceptable" in launching an inquiry into Toto and Susie Wolff.
Ex-Aston Villa midfielder Callum O'Hare scores twice as Coventry City beat Wayne Rooney's Birmingham City at the CBS Arena.
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes says women are "routinely used to dealing with systemic misogyny and bullying" in football.
Europe will need to "rewrite the rules" for Ryder Cup eligibility following Jon Rahm's move to LIV Golf, says Rory McIlroy.
A spot-kick was awarded in the Saudi Pro League when Al Fateh defender Fahad Al Harbi tried to high-five his goalkeeper, but handled the ball instead.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on Vigil star Dougray Scott for this weekend's Premier League predictions.
The BBC speaks to one of the men seen being detained, who was later released.
Volunteers used to drive sick Gazans to hospital. Hamas's attack on 7 October changed everything.
Israel has told civilians to shelter in a "safe" zone, but people say it is not fit for people to stay in.
It is thought more than 100 Israelis are still being held hostage in Gaza after the 7 October attacks.
Hamas accuses Israel of causing the damage to the medieval Omari mosque, Israel has not yet commented.
Writer and literary scholar Refaat Alareer was killed in an air strike on Wednesday, his family say.
Find out how much has changed in the Gaza Strip since Israel began its military response to Hamas's attacks on 7 October.
Pictures on social media show dozens of men in their underwear being guarded by Israeli troops in north Gaza.
Conditions in Gaza have made the delivery of food almost impossible, the UN World Food Programme says.
Even when the war between Israel and Hamas ends, there is no easy future, the BBC's Jeremy Bowen says.
The PM's unique selling point - ending the chaos of the Truss and Johnson years - is taking a battering.
Police are called to a property and arrest two men and a woman.
She has faced mounting calls to resign since giving controversial Congressional testimony.
Prince and Princess of Wales use a monochrome image, while King and Queen go for Coronation photo.
Report mentions stagnant wages and mental health issues, and says the gap widened in the pandemic.
A man in his 60s and a woman in her 50s died and an officer is in hospital after the collision.
Green Party Women's committee argue they are being punished for members' gender-critical views.
The actor speaks for the first time about needing a cane to walk after falling 6ft (1.8m) at the O2 Arena.
Flood warnings, service disruptions and power failures are in place for much of the country.
Iran bans her parents from heading to Europe to collect an award in her honour, their lawyer says.
Charlie Stayt gets up close with Thunder the therapy dog as he visits BBC Breakfast.
Several of Sunday's papers feature challenges to the government's Rwanda deportation plans.
France's president is denounced by all sides after lighting a Hanukkah candle at the Elysée Palace.
The 20-year-old stars as a trans character in the new series after her breakout role in Heartstopper.
Head teachers talk frankly about the mental health impact that Ofsted inspections have had on them.
The term "coloured" is a slur in the US, but for millions of South Africans it is part of their identity.
NHS boss apologises after mix-up leads a bereaved family to hold a cremation for the wrong person.
The former soap actor who starred in one of Hollywood's biggest weepies has died at the age of 82.
CosMc's, named after an obscure company mascot, is a bid for the speciality drinks market.
Punk covers of Disney and show tunes? Heavy metal fans go mad for it, say the band rocking Frozen.
The UN climate talks turn to oceans and a Pacific islander is here to fight for her home.
The performance poet on some of the issues he felt most passionately about during his lifetime.
A remark by Donald Trump at a Fox News town hall this week triggered a row over authoritarianism.
The pillbox has been buried nearly roof-deep on a beach since the cliff it was on collapsed.
He went to Iceland for the Northern Lights - but took his outstanding photo 10 minutes from home.
Matt Facer apologises for potentially eliminating 7,000 from a game in which players avoid the song.
The former immigration minister speaks for the first time since he resigned saying the policy wasn't being tough enough.
Tennis legend Chris Evert says her cancer has returned, two years after being diagnosed with ovarian cancer.
Kate Forbes says Scottish government should accept a court ruling on the UK's gender reform block.
The incident is the latest dispute between the Philippines and China in the South China Sea.
Migrants from as far afield as China, Cameroon and Afghanistan walk into a US political quagmire.
There is international condemnation of an attempt by prosecutors to overturn Guatemala's election results.
After a boy murdered four schoolmates, his parents will be the first to stand trial for manslaughter.
The 16-year-old is charged with murdering Lianne Gordon, who was shot in east London.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The president's legally embattled son says his father's critics want him to relapse on drugs.
Aston Villa manager Unai Emery and midfielder John McGinn say it is too early to call them title challengers despite moving within two points of leaders Liverpool.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says the humiliating 3-0 home defeat by Bournemouth left him "annoyed".
Billy Vunipola is sent off as Saracens start their Investec Champions Cup campaign with an away defeat by Bulls.
Match of the Day's Ian Wright and Jermaine Jenas explain how Bournemouth manager Andoni Iraola set his team up to convincingly beat Erik ten Hag's Manchester United.
Brilliant England bowl a woeful India out for just 80 to complete a comfortable T20 series win with a game to spare.
South Africa earn a late 61-59 win over England to take their three-match series with England down to a decider.
Israel has told civilians to shelter in a "safe" zone, but people say it is not fit for people to stay in.
The BBC speaks to one of the men seen being detained, who was later released.
It is thought more than 100 Israelis are still being held hostage in Gaza after the 7 October attacks.
Benjamin Netanyahu says "the war is in full swing" and calls on Hamas fighters to surrender.
A man in his underwear is filmed laying down weapons - but there are questions about what happened.
Scientists marvel at the fossilised head of an underwater 'killing machine' from the Jurassic.
The ex-immigration minister says the PM's bill to revive the asylum scheme "doesn't do the job".
The comedian breaks off from his arena tour to perform three intimate fundraising shows in one day.
Sam Thompson, Tony Bellew and Nigel Farage were the last men standing on the reality TV show.
The worker is seen kicking the homeless man's belongings away as he tries to mop the street.
Seven others including three charity staff were injured in what the Red Cross has called a "deliberate attack".
The whale strayed into shallow waters, which caught the attention of swimmers.
Foreign Secretary says first minister broke protocol by meeting Turkish president without a UK official.
Anthony Littler, 45, was found with with head injuries in an alleyway near a London Tube station.
In a speech smuggled from prison and read out by her twins, Narges Mohammadi denounces "tyrannical" Iran.
Best known for selling clear aligners remotely, it has shut down months after filing for bankruptcy.
The PM could face threats to his leadership if MPs oppose his migration plans, several of Monday's front pages predict.
A B-side from the Canadian urged a supposedly fictional Diana to leave her husband and "bring her limousine".
The Grand Theft Auto 6 trailer depicts the city's extremes - what does it tell us about US culture?
The Canadian singer on her transformation from Billie Eilish balladeer to platinum-plated pop star.
Judges, journalists and women's groups watch as Poland's Donald Tusk inches closer to power.
Never an enthusiastic participant in green initiatives, Russia, Europe's energy powerhouse, has pushed climate change further down its list of priorities following the invasion of Ukraine. 
He's made more impact than every Japanese player before him - and now has a record $700m deal.
Many people wait until the new year to join a gym or start running - but now might be the best time.
Korean dramas now have female leads, after years when the spotlight rarely shone on women.
Will the transition to a new clean energy system happen quickly, or will we fry the planet first?
The world is well off track to limit warming to 1.5C, but there have been some encouraging steps.
Many people are disgruntled with the president's handling of the economy after a decade in power.
While the tornado caused a lot of damage, it is not thought that anyone is badly hurt.
Iron Age leaders ruled from fortified villages on 700 hilltops across Wales, an archaeologist says.
PPE Medpro is being sued by the government and is being investigated by the National Crime Agency (NCA).
Granada's La Liga match against Athletic Bilbao will be completed on Monday after a supporter dies in the stands at Nuevo Los Carmenes stadium.
Turks and Caicos Islanders are helping protect the reef from the deadliest ever coral sickness.
The conspiracy theorist was banned from Twitter - now X - but its owner has now reinstated him.
Aleksandar Vucic has dominated Serbian politics but rivals see elections as a first step in removing him.
Michael and Paul Fenning say their home is "keeping Christmas magic alive".
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The Strictly Come Dancing judge says she was targeted by men "at the top" of dancing.
Manchester City returned to winning ways against Luton on Sunday, but are last year's Treble-winners in the right shape to mount another title bid?
England miss the chance to record a series clean sweep over India after falling to a five-wicket defeat in the third and final T20 in Mumbai.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Britain's Chris Billam-Smith defends his WBO cruiserweight title as Mateusz Masternak retires in the eighth round in Bournemouth.
Match of the Day 2's Shay Given and Micah Richards analyse how Richarlison helped revive Tottenham in their 4-1 Premier League win over Newcastle.
Newcastle manager Eddie Howe has dealt expertly with all challenges placed in front of him since arriving, but is now facing his biggest at the worst possible time.
MPs on the right want legislation to go further but more centrist Tories warn against changes.
The summit had appeared close to calling for a phase-out of fossil fuels but made last-minute changes.
Rishi Sunak defends the scheme and says advisers and ministers had "ample" chances to raise concerns.
Referee Halil Umut Meler is knocked to the ground by a football club president following a Turkish Super Lig game, leading officials to suspend all matches.
Watch the US artist sing and play on a public piano inside St Pancras International station.
At the Old Bailey trial, the prosecution likened Shakira Spencer's killers to a pack of feral savages.
In a blow to Macron's government, opposition parties united to reject a major immigration bill.
Ukraine's leader says a delay in US military aid to Kyiv is a "dream come true" for Putin.
The pro-EU politician will be sworn in on Wednesday, ending the eight-year rule of the right-wing PiS party.
Two men have been released on bail pending further inquiries, while a female remains in police custody.
Atlantic saury are apparently swimming ashore to die on beaches in Shapinsay and in Finstown.
Aaron McCarthy says he was left to feel like "nothing" when a security guard soaked his bedding.
Rishi Sunak’s fragile authority is on display as warring Tory factions weigh up the Rwanda Bill.
Dentistry trade bodies express "great concern" for patients as Smile Direct Club ceases trading.
The visit is expected to nudge China one step ahead of the US as they compete for Vietnam's allegiance.
The Bodak Yellow rapper announces in an Instagram live she is now single.
Some black women say they are being targeted by the derogatory phrase and it's being used to deny them their femininity.
About 200 British-trained special forces soldiers are in danger as Pakistan expels undocumented foreigners.
The former South Carolina governor is placing herself as a moderate, reliable alternative to the former president.
How much did the scheme help the economy and affect the spread of Covid? 
A High Court case is looking at whether universities owe a duty of care towards their students.
The model for an end to tobacco had been pushed for decades by New Zealand's Indigenous people.
The BBC visits the Central African Republic to see why Russian Wagner forces are so popular there.
Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago property has been valued between $18m and $1bn, so what's it really worth?
Alexei Navalny's associates say they don't know where he is, after six days of uncertainty.
A girl accused of murder tells a jury she saw a boy stab Brianna Ghey after hearing the teen scream.
The vegan food company founded by Sir Paul McCartney's ex-wife struggled with rising costs.
Barbie and Oppenheimer were the most-searched for films in 2023, and took £30m in their opening weekend.
Powerful solar storms could cause train signals to switch, according to Lancaster University research.
The Duke of Sussex faces £48,000 in legal costs after losing part of an ongoing libel battle.
She starred in films such as Alfie, opposite Sir Michael Caine, and Saturday Night and Sunday Morning.
Police arrest an alleged gunman following an eight-hour manhunt.
The advertising watchdog has received 50 complaints about the retailer's fashion campaign.
Mum-of-four Claire Holland has not been seen since leaving a city centre pub in 2012.
The ceremony honouring the best in film and TV will take place on 7 January in Los Angeles.
Manchester United midfielder Scott McTominay says it has been "toxic at times" under former managers but the players are "firmly behind" Erik ten Hag.
Andriy Shevchenko had left Dynamo Kyiv four years earlier but, after lifting the Champions League trophy with AC Milan, he had a duty to return.
Jofra Archer plays in Barbados without the knowledge of England management, despite still recovering from an elbow injury.
Watch the best plays from week 14 of the NFL, including touchdowns from Josh Allen, DK Metcalf and a 76-yard overtime winner by backup punt returner Tylan Wallace.
World-record pole vaulter Armand Duplantis is named one of six World Athletes of the Year for 2023.
The latest batch of replica Mary Earps England goalkeeper shirts sell out within five minutes in the England online store.
This week marks the end of the Champions League group stages, so we've picked out some great games for you to rank.
Gaza’s first female surgeon describes the horror of having to choose which patients to save at Al-Shifa hospital.
Dalloul al-Neder says his mother, brother and pregnant sister-in-law all died in a bomb strike.
Mohammed Ghalayini, who stayed to help relatives, reaches Egypt after an Israeli evacuation warning.
Peace activist who lost a friend in Hamas attacks says Israeli and Palestinian women “are on the same side”.
Flagship bill passes its first Commons hurdle but PM still faces battle to get it through Parliament.
The BBC's Ione Wells tells us what's next for the PM's Rwanda plan after it passes a vote in the Commons.
The BBC is told the three teenagers had all been at a funeral earlier in the day.
Manchester United fall to defeat by Bayern Munich at Old Trafford to exit the Champions League at the group stage.
The boxing champion and his brothers are ordered to pay business rates for land used as car park.
Thames Water boss tells MPs it doesn't have enough money to pay back a loan due in April next year.
The man who died on the vessel, moored off Dorset, is thought to have taken his own life.
The search for Gaynor Lord enters its fourth day with the focus now shifting to underwater.
Tejean Kennedy and Ali Kavak killed Mehmet Koray Alpergin in a bar near Tottenham Hotspur's ground.
Sgt Dean Walton fell to his death after performing an unplanned mid-air manoeuvre, a coroner says.
Republicans remain "resolute" in demanding border policy reform in exchange for backing Ukraine aid.
The drama of the Commons vote on Rishi Sunak's Rwanda bill is reflected on most of the front pages.
The PM secures a comfortable victory in crunch Rwanda vote but his troubles are far from over.
A senior military adviser tells the BBC Israel will need more than a few more weeks to destroy Hamas.
Three mothers from different continents say their love for their children has motivated them to take climate action.
Millions of fans are mourning BTS' absence as the final members enlisted in the Korean army this week.
Emma Artis's partner was convicted of domestic violence offences but has been housed in the same small village.
A UK-wide shoplifting gang based in Scotland is funnelling money to criminals in Eastern Europe.
George Osborne says staff member they believe stole and damaged about 2,000 objects is not co-operating.
Halil Umut Meler may quit football after he was punched by MKE Ankaragucu president Faruk Koca.
After six weeks of intense challenges, one emcee has been crowned winner of the BBC Three show.
Luke and Jimmy were sleeping rough - but documenting their lives online changed their lives.
Officials are investigating what caused the collapse of the residential structure in the Bronx on Monday.
Lissie Harper lobbied for mandatory life sentences for the manslaughter of emergency workers.
Thousands of illegal wildlife products have been intercepted coming into the UK.
Kate Cox sued Texas to have an abortion after her foetus was diagnosed with a high-risk condition.
The annual video game expo struggled to stay popular after gaming giants launched their own events.
The men, aged between 69 and 90, were arrested in connection with historical abuse at the school.
Kenneth Law, a 57-year-old ex-chef, has been linked to deaths in multiple countries, including the UK.
All Turkish football leagues are suspended after the president of MKE Ankaragucu punched a referee.
Kammar Henry-Richards, Kay-O, boasted about killing rival gang member Kacey Boothe in a rap video.
Customers are left without phone and internet access, while one city's air raid sirens stop working.
Several pupils refused to look at a Renaissance artwork and accused their teacher of racism, which the school denies.
Claudine Gay faced anger after failing to say if students calling for the genocide of Jews would be disciplined.
A shortlist of six contenders is announced for the 2023 BBC Sports Personality of the Year award.
Financial accounts show the level of donations made by the Archewell Foundation.
The serial killer is removed from the nursing register by a panel which heard she maintains her innocence.
The fashion company says it has now pulled all pictures from an advertising campaign about a jacket.
The High School Musical actor spoke at the unveiling of his star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
The Houthis have vowed to stop ships heading to Israel, but its owners say it was going to Italy.
McFly's Tom Fletcher is set to write the music and lyrics for a new adaptation of the books and films.
A new, wholly Indian-owned company has been set up containing the BBC's six Indian language services.
A Turkish football club president is arrested after punching a referee following a top-flight game on Monday, as all league football in the country is suspended.
Clara, who has presented the evening showcase of the best new music since 2021, will stay at the BBC.
The girl held up a sign saying "End fossil fuel, save our planet and our future".
The retail giant apologises for any upset caused by the Christmas jumper featuring the airline's logo.
The owner of the local Miss Universe franchise has been accused of conspiring against the government.
Zahara, known for her soulful voice and hit song Loliwe, was once named in a BBC 100 Women list.
Police Scotland says there has been a vast increase in calls about individuals giving cause for concern.
Much-changed Arsenal are held to a draw at PSV Eindhoven in their final match of the Champions League group stage, Eddie Nketiah scoring for the Group B winners.
Somerset spinner Shoaib Bashir says he has had a "very special" journey from being released by Surrey to an England Test call-up.
Former Olympic heptathlon champion Dame Denise Lewis is elected president of UK Athletics.
Henry Arundell signs a contract extension with French club Racing 92, making him ineligible for England until 2026.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag says his side "should have done better" in the Champions League after they exited the competition at the group stage.
Guinness' sponsorship of the Women's Six Nations is a "defining moment for rugby" according the tournament's chief executive.
Eyal Waldman's youngest daughter was killed in the Supernova music festival massacre on 7 October.
The uncle of a critically ill boy in Gaza fears he will deteriorate if told his parents were killed.
The chancellor will confirm how much benefits will go up in the Autumn Statement.
Mother-of-three Gaynor Lord can be seen walking through the streets of Norwich in the footage.
Is the climate agreement enough to keep global temperatures in check?
Better treatments and even a cure for hyperemesis gravidarum could be on the horizon, researchers say.
A nearby worker says he heard a "massive explosion" coming from Treforest Industrial Estate.
It follows investigation into crashes which occurred when firm's Autopilot system was in use.
Republicans have yet to produce proof of wrongdoing but are seeking more authority to gather evidence.
The acrobat is taken to hospital after the accident on the circus's "giant wheel of death".
The hit show's cast remember their "kind" and "loyal" captain, who loved singing in his dressing room.
The driver remains remarkably calm, as the elephant pushes past him to reach food in the back seat.
Mr Looney is dismissed without notice after BP finds he misled board over colleague relationships.
David Davis says a rough sleeper was "badly beaten up" after two men kicked "seven bells" out of him.
Newcastle United are knocked out of the Champions League after losing to AC Milan, finishing bottom of Group F and dropping out of European competition.
No one story dominates the front pages but COP28, Lineker row and search for a missing mum all feature prominently.
BBC Wales political editor Gareth Lewis looks at the names in the mix to succeed Mark Drakeford.
Ministers and backbenchers will be at loggerheads up until the next election, one minister predicts.
The Kremlin's plans raise fears that EU-hopeful Georgia could be dragged into the war in Ukraine.
The psychological thriller has sparked reaction for its depiction of sex scenes and male nudity.
The BBC spent months with Duncan Taylor, who has MS, to see how a carers shortage is affecting him.
It has been a year since the prime minister pledged to clear the legacy backlog, so how is he getting on?
Instinctively quiet and understated, Mark Drakeford gained a high profile during the chaos of Covid.
Zack Snyder tells the BBC he is trying to launch his own Star Wars space epic equivalent.
Finding a way between opposing views over Rwanda will challenge the PM in 2024, writes Chris Mason.
Millions of low-income households will receive a final cost-of-living payment in February.
Critics say President Aleksandar Vucic is an autocrat, as his party seeks another election win.
One tower block resident says he enjoyed having a plastic tree and the policy is "bah-humbug".
A man alleged to be a senior figure in the Republic of Ireland's Kinahan organised crime gang is extradited to the UK.
Helen realised having her debt written off would mean her address being shared on a public register.
The boy denies murdering Brianna Ghey, saying his co-accused used his knife to carry out the attack.
Dr Jonathan Williams had agreed to step back from his duties until the conclusion of an external review.
Signs of abuse will be missed because of the encryption of messages, the National Crime Agency says.
The Bibby Stockholm asylum barge off Dorset cost £22m, the Home Office has also disclosed.
Lianne Gordon was shot by a teenager trying to force his way into her home, a court hears.
Matthew McMahon, who persuaded victims to send him sexual images, will serve two years in prison.
A number of people say too many men are "crammed" into the Bibby Stockholm barge in Dorset.
Dame Laura Kenny says women struggle to get pregnant because of the athlete lifestyle.
The prime minister suggests migrant families already in the UK may get exemptions from higher wage rules.
The debate, promised in July, after an independent review, was then scrapped but will now be in 2024.
Michael and Marjorie Cawdery, who were 83, were brutally attacked in their own home.
James Bulger killer Jon Venables cannot be freed because he remains a danger to children, it is ruled.
A total of 53 people have been hurt in the attacks, including six children, the mayor of Kyiv says.
Road signs have been unscrewed, flipped over and screwed back on in a growing campaign.
Two men aged in their 30s remain on bail, and Northumbria Police says the investigation continues.
Tesco said the discovery was most likely mould growth from "improper storage".
Investing in electric buses and taxi upgrades will cut pollution more than charges, Andy Burnham says.
A watchdog says the firms have hiked card payment fees from the European Union too much since Brexit.
Braugher often portrayed a gruff policeman, but in roles both dramatic and comedic.
Holidaymaker Marion Clode died after she was flipped over a fence by a cow in Northumberland in 2016.
The "Money Saving Expert" says pressure of being a trusted voice on finance is "horrendous".
Samir Shah says the sports presenter "seemed to breach" guidelines with online swipes at Tory MPs.
Dwight Pile-Gray, an ex-guardsman, says a colleague doubted he was a soldier due to his appearance.
Two-thirds of new mothers have been forced into "tough choices" due to 25% price rise, a survey says.
Lawmakers said two men jumped into the well of the house from the visitors' gallery.
For the first time, the streaming giant has released global viewing data across almost its entire catalogue.
Emma Artis's partner was convicted of domestic violence offences but has been housed in the same small village.
Dashcam footage shows drivers trying to steer the dog towards exits on the Staten Island Expressway.
An expert from the British Museum dates the artefact between 100 and 300 AD.
A mass email revealed details of more than 200 people who the UK was trying to help flee the Taliban.
LIV Golf chief executive Greg Norman says Jon Rahm's decision to join the Saudi-funded circuit will create a "domino effect".
Micah Hamilton scores on his Manchester City debut to help his side beat Red Star Belgrade and reach the Champions League last 16 with a 100% record.
Gustaf Lagerbielke's injury-time header delivers Celtic's first Champions League win at home in 10 years with a spirited victory against Feyenoord to conclude their disappointing campaign.
From the moment she was named, Aitana Bonmati has stood out from the rest and stood up for something more than herself.
England head coach John Mitchell describes his new side as "very good", and says the Red Roses have the potential to be "phenomenal".
England's Jonny Bairstow is controversially stumped by Australia's wicket-keeper Alex Carey on day five of the second Test at Lord's.
Newcastle boss Eddie Howe says the "pain you feel now is motivation for tomorrow" after their Champions League exit following a 2-1 loss to AC Milan.
Israel aims to destroy the group in Gaza, but its influence is spreading in the occupied West Bank.
The US president issues his strongest criticism yet and refers to "indiscriminate bombing" in Gaza.
It is thought more than 100 Israelis are still being held hostage in Gaza after the 7 October attacks.
Alex Batty borrowed a stranger’s phone to text his grandmother: “I love you, I want to come home”.
A friend of Gaynor Lord says she "keeps going over" a call she had with her on the day she went missing.
A judge is going to publish landmark decisions on Prince Harry's claims against Mirror newspapers.
Almost half needed support for their mental health or wellbeing in the last year, a survey suggests.
The government denies watering down online protections promised to bereaved families.
The four-hour TV extravaganza was inescapable, writes BBC Russia Editor Steve Rosenberg.
A body is discovered after an explosion and fire at Treforest Industrial Estate in south Wales.
Members of the Afghan special forces were denied help under a UK scheme to settle those in danger.
The bear escaped collision-free and is said to have reunited with its mother on the other side of the trail.
Rebecca Welch will become the first female referee to take charge of a men's Premier League match on 23 December.
The Emmy winner was diagnosed with the disease several months ago, his publicist says.
You don't need a telescope to catch what has been dubbed one of the year's most reliable meteor showers.
The BBC visits a front line where ammunition is low and hears troops' fears of wavering Western support.
Archie Wilson witnessed the fatal attack on Caroline Glachan on the banks of the River Leven in Renton.
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen asks Israeli and Palestinian activists about their hopes for resolving the conflict.
NHS leaders say patients in England are at risk due to dangerous delays in the emergency care system.
It is where the lights stay on, it is not as noisy, and the cast explain they are not scary.
There has been a record rise in the number of parents lodging appeals at SEND tribunals.
Artificial intelligence helps people identify what animals they are looking at and aids conservation.
Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky hails the decision as "a victory" for his country and Europe.
The manager and ringmaster says he is confident the performer will be "back even stronger".
A lack of social housing and rising rents has seen numbers in England rise this year, Shelter said.
Prosecutors said the suspects intended to store weapons in Berlin for possible use in an attack.
People have also been seen climbing the Christmas tree and a giant bauble, the council says.
Scientists find many cats instinctively want to play throwing and retrieving games, just like dogs.
Police said 30kg of cocaine was chemically converted into lacquer and used as broom handle varnish.
The avatar asks the president if he has "a lot of doubles" during a marathon news conference.
Two Eurasian beavers have been caught on camera bonding in their enclosure on a Lincolnshire farm.
The Amazon-owned site, popular with gamers, says previous rules around nudity were "confusing".
The actress discusses comments about expecting a baby at the age of 41 with her 27-year-old partner.
The annual brainteaser this year features a puzzle described as the toughest to date.
Work and pensions minister Mims Davies takes on the role but stays at the most junior level of government.
The man, in his 20s, fell from about 10m (33ft) above the circus ring during the act.
Christmas in Chester means a celebration of more than one set of 2,000-year-old traditions.
An Australian court quashes Kathleen Folbigg's four convictions, after she was pardoned earlier this year.
Scientists use a radar satellite to take a "tape measure" to the world's biggest block of ice.
Prosecutors want Nicholas Rossi returned to his homeland to face rape charges in Utah.
The patient was taken to hospital in severe pain after he pinched his nose and closed his mouth.
Central Cee, PinkPantheress, J Hus and Raye also feature heavily in the UK's premier black music awards.
Resilient Rangers prevail in an absorbing Europa League thriller with Real Betis to top the group and progress to the competition's last 16.
Opener Brandon King hits an unbeaten 82 as West Indies beat England by 10 runs in the second T20 in Grenada.
Joao Pedro scores an 88th-minute winner to help Brighton beat Marseille and advance directly to the Europa League last 16 as Group B winners.
Chelsea fail to make the most of a dominant performance and are held to a goalless draw by Swedish runners-up Hacken in the Champions League.
MKE Ankaragucu president Faruk Koca receives a permanent ban for punching referee Halil Umut Meler, says the Turkish Football Federation.
West Ham beat Freiburg to clinch their place in the Europa League last 16 and avoid a play-off against a side dropping down from the Champions League.
BBC Sport revisits some of Muhammad Ali's classic moments on Sports Personality of the Year, to celebrate the 70th edition of the annual show.
The Bank of England has held interest rates at 5.25%, but borrowing costs remain comparatively high.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
The military said the three men were shot and killed by troops who were operating in northern Gaza.
The prince's win over Mirror Group Newspapers raises many questions, writes Katie Razzall.
The Friends star was found unresponsive in the pool of his Los Angeles home in October.
Donald Trump's former personal lawyer was sued by ex-poll workers he accused of vote tampering.
Alex Batty was constantly on the move since going missing in 2017, French officials say.
There had been just two series with current host Paddy McGuiness and captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye.
BBC documentary captures nervous rehearsals and the emotion of friends ahead of the Coronation.
Police say they do not suspect any "third-party involvement" after divers recover a body.
The woman found dead at Treforest Industrial Estate is named as 40-year-old Danielle Evans.
Edward Little has been sentenced to 16 years, after admitting preparing to commit acts of terrorism.
Maersk temporarily stops its ship using the route - and a German company follows suit.
The actor is best known for playing Zak Dingle on the ITV soap opera for 29 years.
The Kentucky family says the bird went undetected for four days because it blended into the tree's branches.
The vintage tree with 25 branches is a "humble reminder of 1920s life", according to the seller.
Saturday's papers cover a mix of stories, with no stand out lead.
It was the middle of the night when a delivery driver stumbled across the teenager in the Pyrenees.
A British aid worker tells the BBC his humanitarian convoy was delayed for hours by the Israeli military.
The Hungarian leader says his position is pragmatic as he argues Ukraine cannot win the war.
True believer, election ploy or both? The Republican keeps bringing up debunked conspiracy theories.
Manchester United and Newcastle's early European exits have left the Premier League currently missing out on an extra Champions League place.
The BBC uncovers a vast Russia-based network of fake TikTok accounts pushing disinformation about Ukraine.
Human rights groups say Israel is abusing a security law inherited from the British to strip due process.
Humphries was celebrated for his comedic “genius” but also kindness, at a state memorial in Sydney.
Police say they are extremely concerned for Julian De Bono, last seen near the River Gipping.
You don't need a telescope to catch what has been dubbed one of the year's most reliable meteor showers.
Regulator Ofgem wants households to pay an extra £16 a year as debt levels reached nearly £3bn.
Former Formula 1 world champion Jenson Button says he is still at his best as he prepares to race "mindblowing" hypercars next year, aged 44.
How closely have you been paying attention to what's been going on over the past seven days?
The bear escaped collision-free and is said to have reunited with its mother on the other side of the trail.
Twenty-six people were wounded when the man launched an attack during a budget debate.
On the anniversary of the fatal crush, the victims' families say they still have few answers.
Ten-man Tottenham condemn Nottingham Forest to a fifth Premier League defeat in six games as they underline their top-four ambitions at the City Ground.
A male British Olympic athlete was supplied with banned drugs by an American therapist who is facing 10 years in jail, according to court papers filed in New York.
Scarlets' miserable season continues with a shock loss to Challenge Cup newcomers Black Lion at Parc y Scarlets.
Northampton Saints' Tom Lockett scores late try to seal a 22-19 Investec Champions Cup bonus-point win over Toulon.
Everton's move to a new stadium at Bramley-Moore Dock is confirmed to be the start of the 2025-26 season.
Two Santiago Socino tries help Gloucester beat Clermont Auvergne to make it two wins from two in the European Challenge Cup.
Glasgow Warriors open their Champions Cup account as they hold on for a thrilling win away to Bayonne by a one-point margin.
Alex Batty, who was missing for six years, has returned to the UK, Greater Manchester Police says.
Three hostages were mistakenly killed in Gaza on Friday by Israeli troops in an area of intense fighting.
Layla Moran's relatives and the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem say a sniper has killed two women there.
Bobby Brazier, Layton Williams and Ellie Leach all fought to land the glitterball trophy.
Departures and by-elections, polls and Partygate fallout - how the political year unfolded.
Michelle Mone and her husband Doug Barrowman speak to the BBC in their first interview since becoming embroiled in a scandal around the supply of PPE during the pandemic.
The pop star will sing in Sweden next May, after a disappointing result for Mae Muller this year.
The Royal Navy has not shot down an aerial target in anger since 1991, the Ministry of Defence says.
An overcrowded boat is believed to have been swamped by high waves after leaving the city of Zuwara.
The Archbishop of Canterbury described the moment as a "glitch" in exclusive footage from an upcoming documentary.
Police say a man was killed and two others injured when they were struck in a Derbyshire town.
Italian cardinal Angelo Becciu is sentenced to five-and-a-half years in jail for financial crimes.
London's mayor says he cannot legally change the Ulez scheme and send scrapped vehicles to Ukraine.
Actor and comedian Steve Coogan says the press needs "proper, independent regulation".
Since disappearing in 2017, the 17-year-old has reportedly been living in a commune near the French town of Quillan.
Calls by Hamas for an uprising in the West Bank have come and gone, despite rising support for the group.
Ndinda says her mother smuggled a wedding ring from Nottinghamshire to Kenya by baking it into a cake.
Scientists are assessing how exposure to different kinds of air pollution impacts the brain.
The bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 in 1988 was the deadliest terror attack carried out in the UK.
Bobby Brazier, Layton Williams and Ellie Leach go toe to toe later for the famous glitterball trophy.
The nationalist Hungarian PM was the only leader blocking EU support for Ukraine at a Brussels summit.
Morgan Rees says bisexual people are often seen as greedy, promiscuous and untrustworthy.
It was the middle of the night when a delivery driver stumbled across the teenager in the Pyrenees.
Space agency Nasa captured the burst that temporarily disrupted radio communication on Earth.
Sheikh Emir Nawaf al-Ahmad al-Jaber al-Sabah had led the country for the last three years.
Luton captain Tom Lockyer is "stable" after suffering a cardiac arrest on the pitch during the Premier League match at Bournemouth, his club confirms.
A Met Office weather warning for heavy rain has been issued for parts of Scotland on Sunday.
The body of a woman found in the River Wensum is expected to be formally identified on Sunday.
The Home Office says 292 migrants crossed to the UK from France in seven boats on Friday.
There had been just two series with current host Paddy McGuiness and captains Sam Quek and Ugo Monye.
Samer Abudaqa died of wounds after a drone strike while working for Al Jazeera at a school.
The actor talks about the anxiety, joy and sexiness of making his full debut as the 15th Doctor.
A specialist team is helping police with a river search as Julian De Bono remains missing.
The broadcaster says he is considering getting a semi-permanent tattoo on his eyebrows.
The coroner who led Lee Bowman's inquest is worried more people could die.
As the NHS enters the difficult winter period, find out what's happening in your area.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The military said the three men were shot and killed by troops who were operating in northern Gaza.
Phil Salt's stunning century helps England pull off their third-highest T20 international chase as they beat West Indies by seven wickets in the third T20.
Hearts got the win they "deserved" at Celtic Park, says head coach Steven Naismith as his side end a long wait for victory at the ground.
Pep Guardiola says his Manchester City side cannot blame bad luck for their failure to see out games after dropping more points from a winning position on Saturday.
Liverpool and Scotland legend Sir Kenny Dalglish is to be honoured with the Lifetime Achievement award at BBC Sports Personality of the Year.
It seemed like Arsenal had it figured out and the top of the WSL was waiting, but poor decision-making and wasteful finishing were punished at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Manager Sean Dyche enjoys a winning return to Burnley as in-form Everton pick up their fourth consecutive Premier League victory.
Tottenham claim their first Women's Super League win over north London rivals Arsenal with a 1-0 victory at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
The three hostages were mistakenly killed in Gaza on Friday by Israeli troops.
In an exclusive interview, the ex-Tory peer says she and her husband were made "scapegoats" for PPE failings.
The vehicles carrying aid through the city of Rafah in Gaza were mobbed by crowds.
Alex Batty is back in the UK after vanishing on a holiday in Spain in 2017 with his mother and grandfather.
The landslide created large waves and disrupted traffic on lakeside roads.
A lot of us know someone who has felt pretty rough with the most recent form of the virus.
SaxaVord Spaceport on the island of Unst has been given approval from the Civil Aviation Authority.
Modernising the law and training for door staff are also among measures announced by the government.
Arsenal legend Ian Wright is to step down as a pundit from Match of the Day at the end of the season.
The president's party is set to win, projections say, but the opposition has big hopes in Belgrade.
Passengers were stuck in cold and dark carriages for hours recently after overhead electric cables were damaged.
The Succession star told the BBC he likes dancing but is not sure he wants "to go down that road".
Its criminal investigations team is looking into claims the BBC withheld documents related to Martin Bashir's interview with Princess Diana.
Luton Town captain Tom Lockyer is still in hospital and undergoing "tests and scans" after suffering a cardiac arrest on the pitch during Saturday's Premier League match at Bournemouth.
Images of the comedy performer help tell the story of her complex life in a new documentary.
After a Dutch woman's body was found 10 years after she died, politicians pushed to tackle loneliness.
The shooting of three Israelis by IDF troops shows the risks of armed intervention in hostage situations.
How an island that exported t-shirts and sugar turned into the world's largest silicon chip factory.
The Night Agent and The Mother were among the streamer's biggest hits in the first half of 2023.
The church set up to welcome LGBT worshippers in a country that is growing more homophobic.
A club started by a dad wanting to make his son happy is now helping build confidence in others.
"It's going to be the wildest ride" says the star, in the first interview since his Eurovision news.
Prayers for Catherine Bond and Jane Pearce are held after approval from the House of Bishops.
Thousands of people in the Australia region have been evacuated but others remain stranded.
Lord Cameron warns "too many civilians have been killed" in Gaza in a shift in tone from the UK.
Layla Moran tells the BBC her relatives are trapped in a church complex as Israeli forces operate nearby.
An overcrowded boat is believed to have been swamped by high waves after leaving the city of Zuwara.
Farmer employs sheepdogs between August and December to guard his 600 free range turkeys.
Layla Moran's relatives and the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem say a sniper has killed two women there.
Property completions were affected after the IT services provider was hit more than three weeks ago.
Bobby Brazier, Layton Williams and Ellie Leach all fought to land the glitterball trophy.
A Met Office weather warning for heavy rain has been issued for parts of Scotland on Sunday.
After a final of thud and blunder, it fell to Rangers captain James Tavernier to come up with the one moment that mattered.
Hooker Archie Vanes scores a hat-trick of tries as Leicester Tigers edge Stade Francais in a pulsating Champions Cup match.
Harry Kane scores a double to become the quickest player to reach 20 Bundesliga goals as Bayern Munich beat fourth-placed Stuttgart.
As the Women's Super League pauses for the winter break, BBC Sport looks at the best stats so far with the title race and relegation battle set to the tightest yet.
Match of the Day 2 pundits see the funny side of the spat between Aston Villa's Emiliano Martinez and Brentford's Neal Maupay that sparked a melee at the end of their Premier League match.
Fallon Sherrock fails in her bid to progress at the 2024 PDC World Championship as she is knocked out in the first round by Jermaine Wattimena.
The peer says she was "honest" with the government over contracts for personal protective equipment.
A volcano erupts on the Reykjanes peninsula after weeks of intense earthquake activity.
The US will lead an international operation to protect ships on the route, after several firms halt journeys.
Jonathan Majors, known for starring in the Marvel universe, has been dropped by the Marvel studios.
Other customers tell of similar experiences to the artist but supplier EDF says there is no wider problem.
The government says it cannot make a decision on compensation after losing a key vote on the scandal.
The Foreign Affairs Committee chair says she thinks Israel has "lost its moral authority" in Gaza.
Police question Russell Brand in relation to a further six allegations of historical sex offences.
A top general says diminishing foreign military aid is already having an impact on the battlefield.
Franke was arrested in August after her malnourished child escaped from a Utah home.
The blast at the African country's only oil refinery blew out the windows of local houses, witnesses say.
A US-based author had published what he called "the pitch-perfect sequel to The Lord of the Rings".
Star-studded festive rom-com Love Actually is 20 years old, but it's a film that some love to hate.
Glasgow-born Susan Swimm's 23-year-old son Rory was shot dead by a teenager in Utah in October.
Some Afghan women are struggling to feed their children following huge aid cuts.
Despite their high prevalence in many towns, experts warn that gull numbers are rapidly declining.
Author Ellie Middleton on her late ADHD and autism diagnoses.
The black, ballerina-length velvet evening dress sold for 11 times its estimated price.
Gail Bradbrook has tried to argue she was justified in causing damage to government property.
A man who died on the Bibby Stockholm last week was an Albanian national called Leonard Farruku.
Record rainfall driven by a tropical cyclone causes widespread flooding in Australia's north-east.
Former political adviser Derek Draper, 56, has been living with extreme complications from Covid.
Veoza, or fezolinetant, a non-hormonal daily pill, works on the brain's temperature-control centre.
More than 200 tractors festooned in sparkling festive colours parade through Pembrokeshire.
The move comes after the US found it violated patent rights of a smaller firm.
The government says extra money next year will account for inflation - but local authorities disagree.
A body recovered from a river is formally identified as that of the missing mother of three.
Stephy Mavididi nets twice as Leicester beat Wayne Rooney's Birmingham to go three points clear at the top of the Championship.
Deontay Wilder believes Anthony Joshua is "75% afraid" to fight him, but says a bout between the former heavyweight champions is closer than it ever has been.
Holders Manchester City will play Copenhagen and Arsenal face Porto in the first knockout round of the Champions League.
Liverpool captain Virgil van Dijk denies Roy Keane's claim that he was being arrogant when talking about Manchester United after their goalless draw.
An external investigation into the events leading up to the death of Maddy Cusack finds no evidence of wrongdoing at Sheffield United, the club says.
Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson's long pass to find tight end Isaiah Likely leads the NFL's Plays of the Week.
Yarden Roman-Gat was abducted from Kibbutz Be'eri and brought to Gaza during Hamas's 7 October attack.
Hamas-run authorities report that the deadliest attack targeted three homes in the refugee camp.
Two women were killed inside the Holy Family Church by sniper fire, a top Catholic cleric says.
About 120 hostages are believed to still be in captivity in Gaza, held by Hamas and allied groups.
The Israeli military has shown journalists what it says is the largest ever Hamas tunnel it has found in Gaza.
Why did Hamas attack Israel, and what has happened in Gaza since the 7 October raid?
The three hostages were mistakenly killed in Gaza on Friday by Israeli troops.
It is thought more than 100 Israelis are still being held hostage in Gaza after the 7 October attacks.
Donald Trump is removed Colorado's presidential ballot, as the top state court cites an insurrection clause.
Ukraine's leader admits mobilisation is a sensitive and costly issue as the war with Russia nears two-year mark.
A recall vote was held after the MP was suspended over bullying and sexual misconduct allegations.
NHS bosses say their worst fears are being realised as a three-day walkout begins in England.
Complaints about infestations are increasing - a housing official says some landlords blame tenants.
Manchester United and England goalkeeper Mary Earps is voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2023.
Monique Olivier, 75, was complicit in Michael Fourniret's murders, including of a British student.
The money will be used in a major renovation programme - but climate campaigners criticise the move.
The eruption, in south-west Iceland, led to half the sky being "lit up in red", an eyewitness says.
The reform clears parliament, but President Macron is unhappy that it passed with far-right support.
The father left the children - ages 2, 4, 5, 11 and 13 - while he shopped for gifts, police say.
Seb Jellema, 11, runs every day and wants to beat the world record of 52 years and 39 days in 2075.
Research on a skeleton dug up during road works have shed light on the history of Roman Britain.
The Reykjanes eruption will not cause same travel disruption as 2010's Eyjafjallajökull volcano.
Homeless people tell the BBC about violent, sexual and degrading attacks they suffer as they sleep.
An assault conviction leaves the actor's career in tatters and questions over where Marvel goes next.
The PM is currently meeting just one of the five priorities he set out at the start of the year.
Transgender people's rights are often in the spotlight, leading to legal disputes and protests.
Christmas and booze often go hand-in-hand, so how do you say no, no, no when the drinks start to flow?
Supply chains face disruption due to vessels diverting away from the key shipping route.
Musicians and traders flock to Mali's ancient city despite a blockade from Islamist fighters.
The prosecution of Jimmy Lai shows how the city's legal protections have withered, critics say.
The regulator says suppliers should deal with mistakes quickly after the artist tells of £39,000 bill.
Richard and Anne Spencer’s car crashed into the Nailbourne River in Littlebourne, Kent, in August.
People earning more than £75,000 will pay more tax as part of efforts to plug a £1.5bn funding shortfall.
CCTV from Solihull shows a car mounting a pavement, turning over and hurtling at pedestrians.
Parents should usually be told if their child wants to change gender identity at school, says new guidance.
The UK Statistics Authority says the assertion "may have undermined trust" in the government's use of data.
It marks the start of a reintroduction programme after years of political divisions.
Analysts warn delays on the key trading route risk pushing up energy prices following missile strikes.
Watch the moment England goalkeeper Mary Earps is announced as the winner of the 2023 Sports Personality of the Year, with Stuart Broad second and Katarina Johnson-Thompson third.
Manchester City's players have a once "in-our-lifetime" opportunity when they face Brazil's Fluminense in the Club World Cup final, says manager Pep Guardiola.
Kieran Trippier and Matt Ritchie fail to score as Chelsea beat Newcastle on penalties to reach the semi-finals of the EFL Cup.
Phil Salt hits 119 as England post 267-3, their highest T20 total, to level the series with West Indies at 2-2 and set up a decider.
Former javelin world champion Fatima Whitbread is honoured with the Helen Rollason Award at Sports Personality of the Year.
Tosin Adarabioyo is the hero, converting the winning spot-kick in the shootout, as Fulham beat Everton on penalties to reach the semi-finals of the Carabao Cup.
Snowboarder Mia Brookes - Britain's first slopestyle world champion - is named BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
Wichian spent weeks in Hamas captivity with Yotam, Samer and Alon who, he says, tried to cheer him up.
It is thought more than 100 Israelis are still being held hostage in Gaza after the 7 October attacks.
At least 8,000 children are among those killed since the war began, according to Hamas.
The 16-year-old was stabbed 28 times in a park in Cheshire by pair with a "thirst for killing".
The companies behind HBO, CNN and Mission Impossible are in early stage talks to join forces.
A senior Tory MP leads calls for more government action to prevent AI sabotaging British democracy.
Students in England will be able to choose British Sign Language as a GCSE subject from September 2025.
The Premier League and other sports governing bodies "should commit to cutting the volume" of gambling adverts on pitchside hoardings in stadiums, says an influential group of MPs.
Covid and other infections could rise in many parts of the world this winter, the experts warn.
Venezuela releases a fraudster wanted by the US and 10 Americans, as part of a prisoner swap deal.
Dominic West admits he's "uncomfortable" with the idea that the Royal Family's lives are "fair game".
Drone footage shows lava and smoke spewing into the air weeks after waiting on the seismic activity.
Motorists told UK roads will be busiest between Friday and Sunday this festive season.
Angus Bain, 17, has suffered debilitating epileptic fits every week throughout his childhood.
A false rumour spread by a dubious AI-powered website caught the attention of leading politicians.
Despite recent falls, prices are still rising faster in Britain than other parts of the world.
The pair who killed Brianna Ghey in broad daylight arrogantly thought they were too clever to be caught.
A ruling removing him from Colorado's ballot may be overturned - and could even bolster his campaign.
It's a Wonderful Life has been the Glasgow Film Theatre's biggest box office hit for 12 of the last 15 years.
India's 180 million Dalits find themselves among the nation's most marginalised citizens.
Trump holds a big lead in the polls, but Iowa will be first time Republican voters get their say.
Brianna Ghey's mother says she will never get over the death of her "brave and strong" daughter.
Forced to flee by the Iceland volcano, 4,000 evacuees must spend Christmas away from home.
The BBC has interviewed more than 100 dancers who say a “damaging” culture existed during their training.
Polish state TV channel TVP Info taken off air after Donald Tusk's government moved to depoliticise public media.
"Confidential" documents obtained by the BBC show how Iran is dealing with women violating its dress code.
The UK government says it "profoundly regrets" the move over its bill to deal with Troubles-era crimes.
Bodhana Sivanandan wins after beating an international master at the European blitz championships.
Government letters to pay review bodies say pay rises should be reflected when setting pay in 2024
The Very Rev Dr David Monteith will consult with Canterbury Cathedral stakeholders before deciding.
A firm once run by Isabel dos Santos is seeking huge damages from the controversial Angolan billionaire.
Mel Stride says MPs may wish to revisit the topic after Esther Rantzen announces she is joining Dignitas.
NHS bosses say their worst fears are being realised with a three-day walkout under way in England.
Ministers will not appeal a ruling that the UK government acted lawfully when it blocked the reforms.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp says "anyone not in the right shape" to produce an atmosphere against Arsenal should "give their ticket somebody else".
Liverpool cruise into the EFL Cup semi-finals with a dominant performance against West Ham at Anfield.
In 2014, Germany unleashed the power of numbers to help them to the World Cup title. Now, even the smallest teams have access to open-source data to arm them on the biggest stage.
John Lundstram suffers an injury as Rangers beat 10-man St Johnstone to move two points behind Scottish Premiership leaders Celtic.
Sixteen year-old Luke Littler makes it through to the second round of the 2024 PDC World Darts Championship as former champion Peter Wright is knocked out.
Midfielder Erin Cuthbert scores twice as Chelsea move to the top of their Women's Champions League group after a 3-1 away win over Hacken.
Brentford's Mads Roerslev and Mathias Jensen reveal all about themselves and their team-mates as they tackle the Football Focus Honesty Cards
At least 20,000 Palestinians in Gaza have been reported killed in the war, according to Hamas.
Hamas's leader is in Egypt to discuss a potential deal that could see more Israeli hostages released.
After their home was destroyed, Suha's parents were offered a way out - but not everyone could come.
Wichian spent weeks in Hamas captivity with Yotam, Samer and Alon who, he says, tried to cheer him up.
Wrangles over the wording of the Security Council resolution push the vote back to Wednesday.
Why did Hamas attack Israel, and what has happened in Gaza since the 7 October raid?
Vintage and money-saving experts share the easiest ways you can save money at Christmas.
Another 25 people are also injured in the deadliest attack in modern Czech history, officials say.
A gunman entered Charles University killing 14 people in one of the country's worst fatal shootings.
High winds and a Eurotunnel strike cause transport misery for thousands trying to travel by rail, road, sea and air.
The salary threshold for a family visa to come to the UK will go up to £29,000 this spring, instead of £38,700.
The filing comes days after the longtime Trump associate was ordered to pay the sum in a defamation case.
Wham!, Sam Ryder and Mariah Carey are in one of the most open festive chart races of recent years.
The vote has already been delayed three times as Security Council members wrangle over the wording.
Hanan Elatr, the widow of the journalist murdered in a Saudi consulate, came to the US in August 2020.
The boy was found wounded at a property in east London and died from his injuries in hospital.
Five-month-old Buddy has just arrived after his owner in Liverpool decided to give him up.
Shona McMahon is campaigning to have a benefit bonus increased for the first time since 1972.
A22 chief Bernd Reichart says fans and clubs can be convinced to back new plans for a breakaway European competition.
Chris Woodward was huntsman of a Ruabon-based hunt at the time of the offence in January this year.
Who is Gurpatwant Singh Pannun and why is he so controversial in India?
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months? Part one covers January to March.
Firms are charging up to £40,000 to help secure awards - and not all wait for the official announcement.
As the NHS enters the difficult winter period, find out what's happening in your area.
UK funds have helped French police drive down the number of small boat crossings - but not stop them.
MP Penny Mordaunt tells the Covid inquiry messages to Boris Johnson and Michael Gove went missing.
BBC Arabic’s Jehad El-Mashhrawi documents fatigue, hunger and climbing over corpses as he fled north Gaza.
It's a Wonderful Life has been the Glasgow Film Theatre's biggest box office hit for 12 of the last 15 years.
Ukraine has high corruption levels but is keen to show it is using reconstruction aid properly.
A judge will lift the orders protecting the identities of her killers at the sentencing hearing.
Judge says hacker remains a high risk through his skills and motivation to carry out cyber-crime.
Firm apologises after worker was told she could not wear a jumper saying "Happy Christmas" in Irish.
Aircraft take several attempts to land at Birmingham Airport as Storm Pia brings strong winds.
The far-right government says its proposed legislation will protect the country's "cultural roots".
An open letter with 700 signatories says the heritage sector is "overwhelmingly absent" from debate.
Iceland's coastguard is assessing the seismic activity on the Reykjanes peninsula and preparing for future eruptions.
The 26-year-old was shot dead outside a pub in Wirral on Christmas Eve last year.
Residents in the region share photos of the "absolutely beautiful" and rare "rainbow cloud".
The Labour leader says MPs should be allowed to vote with their conscience on assisted dying.
The deadline for Capt Sir Tom Moore's family to lodge a further spa demolition appeal has passed.
England's men end 2023 with a 3-2 T20 series defeat by West Indies in Trinidad.
Danny Welbeck's late looping header rescues a point for Brighton against rivals Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park in the Premier League.
World rugby's record cap-holder Alun Wyn Jones was diagnosed with atrial fibrillation as his career drew to a close.
Teenager Luke Littler continues his dream PDC World Championship debut as he defeats UK Open champion Andrew Gilding to reach the third round.
Australia's Usman Khawaja wore a black armband in support of civilians in Gaza during the first Test against Pakistan.
Lucas Vázquez strikes deep in stoppage time as 10-man Real Madrid win at Alaves to go top of La Liga.
Anthony Joshua said "I'm here to fight, not party" at a cordial news conference for Saturday's heavyweight contest with Otto Wallin.
Czech police are still piecing together what led to Thursday's mass shooting, in which 14 people died.
The minimum salary for a family to come to the UK will increase in two stages, the prime minister says.
This will aid Mr Trump's efforts to delay his trial, as the case must now work through appeals.
Wham's festive classic tops the Christmas chart for the first time, 39 years after its release.
Police have arrested Sheen's neighbour for assault with a deadly weapon and residential burglary.
Alex Batty, 17, who returned to the UK this week, went missing while on holiday at the age of 11.
Leaked document suggests lawyers warned government guidance puts schools at risk of being sued.
It is unclear what was on the menu for the festive feast turned nightmare before Christmas.
Andrew Tate says his mother "must be alone at Christmas" after his travel request was blocked.
Aston Villa miss chance to go top of the Premier League as they are held to a draw by Sheffield United for whom Cameron Archer scores against his former side.
The Elephant House cafe was close to the source of a major fire in one of Edinburgh's main thoroughfares.
An adult orca is seen singling out and subduing a dolphin so that its calf orca can practice its hunting techniques.
The horror at Charles University lasted 21 minutes, but the shooter is linked to two other crimes.
The nine justices of America's highest court are set to take centre stage in a politically fraught case.
Uriyah and Sameh's rap about peace between Palestinians and Israelis went viral in 2021, since then a lot has changed.
The specially adapted environment is keeping people healthier and happier for longer, early evidence suggests.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months? Part two covers April to June.
The government is making it harder to get UK work and family visas to try to reduce legal migration.
People on both sides have wrongly claimed deaths were faked, as experts warn it harms hopes for peace.
Shona McMahon is campaigning to have a benefit bonus increased for the first time since 1972.
Five-month-old Buddy has just arrived after his owner in Liverpool decided to give him up.
The actor's new film tells the story of the man who helped rescue 669 children in the Kindertransport.
Rhianna Pratchett recounts how a north Wales town supposedly burnt down after a mermaid's curse.
The film tells the story of the 16 men who survived 72 days in the Andes after a 1972 plane crash.
The Spandau Ballet star helps a concertgoer unable to resell her disabled access tickets for his gig.
Despite the ongoing war with Russia, some Ukrainian have been making the trip back home from the UK.
Marking the shortest day and the longest night of the year, the sun rose at 08:09 GMT at Stonehenge.
West Coast Railway Company Ltd took legal action against the Office of Rail and Road over door safety.
A behind-the-scenes BBC documentary followed the first year of the reign of King Charles.
The Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs says drugs like psychedelics could be key to new treatments.
Based on an Elon Musk idea, with previous backing from Richard Branson, the firm will close this month.
The Hollywood actor dons silk pyjamas and a crocheted cardigan to read Tiddler by Julia Donaldson.
The consumer body says it has found evidence of unclear fees and potential overtreatment by vets.
The rise is below inflation but comes after a year of travel disruption for passengers.
The Fast & Furious star is accused of forcing himself on a woman and firing her after she resisted.
Authorities are probing an incident where a surgeon allegedly punched the patient he was operating on.
Manchester City beat Fluminense to win the Fifa Club World Cup for the first time - becoming the first English side to win five trophies in a calendar year.
Five-time world champion Raymond van Barneveld begins his bid for the 2024 PDC title with a confident win over Poland's Radek Szaganski.
Anthony Joshua boasts a 13lb weight advantage over Otto Wallin for Saturday's must-win heavyweight fight.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is pleased that Uefa has had "a bit of a shake" after a court said banning clubs from joining the European Super League was unlawful.
Sale Sharks go four points clear at the top of the Premiership as they edge past Saracens in a repeat of last year’s final.
Rebecca Welch has been hailed as a "trailblazer" as she prepares to become the Premier League's first female referee when Fulham host Burnley on Saturday.
Conor Benn will fight undefeated American welterweight Peter Dobson - and not Chris Eubank - on Saturday, 3 February in Las Vegas.
New figures raise the possibility that the UK's economy could fall into recession.
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
The rising price of turkey has slowed, while the cost of mince pies are up by 25%.
The arrests come as Israel hints at expanding its campaign, forcing more civilians out of their homes.
Man held on suspicion of theft and criminal damage of south London sign featuring work by the artist.
Flags fly at half-mast on a day of national mourning after 14 people were killed in Prague on Thursday.
An Alabama woman gives birth to Roxi and Rebel after a "one-in-a-million" dicavitary pregnancy.
The AA warns of "lengthy jams" on the roads, while many rail services are starting to wind down.
Rebecca Welch becomes the first woman to referee a Premier League match on Saturday as she takes charge of Fulham's fixture with Burnley.
The home secretary apologises for making an "ironic joke" at a Downing Street event, a spokesman says.
A former TV journalist is barred from standing by officials due to "mistakes" on her application form.
Sadiq Khan is requesting the government change the rules around scrappage schemes to allow exports.
A muted Christmas celebration sees worshippers lighting candles and praying for peace in Manger Square.
He played Roy Tucker for 22 years in the long running BBC Radio 4 drama, and also appeared in EastEnders.
The Smithfield Market's traditional event returned on Saturday for the first time since before the Covid pandemic.
Arsenal maintain their place at the top of the Premier League after a thrilling draw with Liverpool at Anfield.
No one story dominates the front pages on Christmas Eve, but some look ahead to the King's address.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months? Part three covers July to September.
The US wants Israel to scale back its offensive in Gaza - the next few weeks will be crucial in testing its influence.
This year Ukraine will celebrate Christmas on 25 December - moving away from the Russian calendar.
How the Hollywood director gave Priscilla Presley a voice on her latest movie.
But ex-prosecutors say the tactic could create a "hot mess" for him in the 2024 White House race.
Rebecca Payne has seen baby seals, king penguins and the northern lights.
Jang Jun-ha was training to be a suicide prevention instructor when his brother took his own life.
The rising prices are blamed mainly on the soaring global cocoa costs, which almost doubled in a year.
Rashmika Mandanna, Priyanka Chopra Jonas and Alia Bhatt are among the stars who have been targeted.
The Elephant House cafe was close to the source of a major fire in one of Edinburgh's main thoroughfares.
Dozens of captive animals made a dash for freedom in 2023 - here are some of the more unusual cases.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
A Met office yellow weather warning was in place for much of Scotland until late on Saturday.
Customer demand diminished as questions dogged the company about its care.
Sudan's conflict, which appears to have entered a new phase, has left millions needing help.
American Deontay Wilder suffers a shock points loss to Joseph Parker in Saudi Arabia, scuppering plans for the long-awaited heavyweight blockbuster with Anthony Joshua next year.
Arsenal show they will be "right in the title race" in their draw with Liverpool, writes Phil McNulty.
World number six Nathan Aspinall is out of the PDC World Darts Championship after a shock 3-0 defeat by Ricky Evans at London's Alexandra Palace.
Manchester United's dismal season continues as their defeat by West Ham - a 13th in all competitions - marks their worst start to a season since 1930.
An inspired Daniel Dubois reignited his career by stopping Jarrell Miller with just 10 seconds to go in a thrilling heavyweight contest in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Joe Cokanasiga scores two tries as Finn Russell-inspired Bath go top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Harlequins.
Gaza's Hamas-run health ministry says the death toll could rise further at the Al-Maghazi refugee camp.
British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe agrees a deal to buy a 25% stake in Manchester United from the Glazer family.
The move to Western calendar is seen as a further shift away from Moscow's influence.
The West Bank city of Bethlehem, usually bustling at this time of year, is subdued as war goes on in Gaza.
Legal cases are examining where the siblings of the 10 year old found dead at her home in Surrey will live.
Rico's coach Russell Gray was also at the event and joked he was 'hoodwinked' into meeting the princess.
Another suspect was also held on suspicion of theft and criminal damage but has now been bailed.
Mild conditions lay the groundwork for what forecasters say could be the hottest Christmas Day since 2016.
A 23-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of murder after another man was found in Llandaff.
The suspect said he wanted to repeat Thursday's shooting in neighbouring Czech Republic, police say.
A man in his 20s has been killed and a second man is seriously injured.
Saturday's attack caused a fire on board the chemical tanker in the Indian Ocean, the US military says.
The King will deliver his traditional festive messages besides a tree which will be reused next year.
One of the UK's richest men, Sir Jim has built a multi-billion pound business by snapping up unloved assets.
How well do you remember the news of the past 12 months?
The pictures found inside an antique box tell the heart-breaking history of the British Home Children.
New series of Doctor Who, Blue Lights, Slow Horses and Trigger Point are among the other TV treats.
Awni Eldous, who ran a small gaming channel, was one of the first Palestinian children to be killed in the war.
Emilia, Melania and Olivia were born in Ukraine on the day Russian troops invaded in 2022.
In August, dozens of churches and houses were torched by a mob in the city of Jaranwala.
Why is Birgham in the Scottish Borders "twinned" with the fictional town in It's A Wonderful Life?
Almost 15,000 suspected criminals and addicts are detained in a week-long operation, police say.
Two men are in court after an estimated 300kg of cocaine was seized from a cargo ship.
The opposition demands a re-run of last week's elections which its say were marred by fraud.
German police are deployed near the cathedral, amid fears of attacks in several European countries.
The former member of the US country music band dies after being involved in a two-vehicle crash in Texas.
Kelsey Hatcher has given birth in Alabama twice in two days - after a 'one in a million' pregnancy.
HMS Trent will visit South America as a show of support for the former British colony, the BBC learns.
The government's anti-fraud champion Simon Fell says victims of relationship swindlers require more help.
An 18-year-old and a 15-year-old died and two other males were seriously injured, police say.
Blitz Bazawule, who grew up in Ghana, is behind a new adaptation of iconic book The Color Purple.
Wolves condemn wasteful Chelsea to another defeat in the Premier League thanks to goals from Mario Lemina and Matt Doherty.
Anthony Joshua emerges as the biggest winner from a revolutionary card in Saudi Arabia as a possible Deontay Wilder fight slips away again.
What happens in the January transfer window? What about Old Trafford improvements? What about Erik ten Hag's future? Assessing the key issues for Sir Jim Ratcliffe at Man Utd.
India registered their first women's Test win over Australia with an eight-wicket victory in a one-off match in Mumbai.
Rangers return to within two points of Celtic with a game in hand as they see off a Motherwell side now winless in 15.
Speaking to BBC's sport editor Dan Roan, Ineos Team UK principal Ben Ainslie says Sir Jim Ratcliffe is a "a great backer" who "understands sport".
A UN official speaks of "absolute carnage" after visiting a hospital with many injured in central Gaza.
The Christmas broadcast urges bridge-building between religions, and praises those volunteering.
Mr Navalny's team had no contact with him for weeks and he failed to appear at several court hearings.
Warnings have been issued over four items produced by Mrs Kirkham's, and one by Route des Terroirs.
Met Office confirms Highlands snow but the UK had one of the warmest Christmas days on record.
Olivia Taylor from south-east London has a brain tumour which has left her blind in one eye
Seyyed Razi Mousavi, a key member of the Revolutionary Guards, died in an Israeli strike, Iran says.
People in Kupiansk say they "live in fear of death" as Ukrainian troops run low on ammunition.
The plane, carrying about 300 Indian nationals, was held in France over suspected human trafficking.
The 87-year-old - who also stood for parliament - died in his sleep, it has been confirmed.
The Most Reverend Justin Welby says "around the world, we are beset with violence".
A fire broke out at the north London office of Mike Freer MP on Christmas Eve, police have confirmed.
Police were called on Christmas Eve to reports of a 22-year-old woman with a stab injury.
Tuesday's Boxing Day front pages feature a range of images of the Royal Family at Sandringham.
Paddington in Peru and Amy Winehouse biopic Back To Black are among the other big screen releases.
From Sydney Harbour to Ukraine, services and events take place to mark Christmas 2023.
Laura Maisey says giving away one of her organs has been the best thing that has ever happened to her.
If you've not been keeping track of the soap throughout the year, here's what you need to know.
Oli is believed to be the first feline seafarer in the famous race's 78-year history.
The Duchess of York accompanied the Royal Family on the walk for the first time in more than 30 years.
Temperatures in the Chinese capital have frequently fallen below -10C this month.
Barbara began volunteering recently as a way to help alleviate her grief, after her husband's death 18 years ago.
A clip of Anthony Madu pirouetting in the Lagos rain has given him and others wider ambitions.
Dafydd Hughes hoped to circumnavigate the globe on his boat, but was forced to quit after 100 days.
Swimmers - many dressed in festive costumers - raised money for charity in Felixstowe and Lowestoft.
The chef says she's too self-conscious to say "microwave" after her unique take on the word went viral.
The picture is posted with the message "wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas, from our family to yours".
A man in his 20s has died and a second man is seriously injured after a shooting incident in Dublin.
The group set off just days before US Secretary of State Antony Blinken's visit to Mexico City.
A Welsh village still welcomes visitors who want Christmas cards stamped "from Bethlehem".
Arsenal/Liverpool/Aston Villa are top of the Premier League at Christmas - so what does history tell us about that?
Bravemansgame and Allaho are among contenders for the King George VI Chase at Kempton on Boxing Day.
Boxing trailblazer Jane Couch says being inducted into the Hall of Fame is a greater honour than winning world titles in her pioneering pro career.
The Miami Dolphins get a dramatic win over the Dallas Cowboys to make the play-offs as the Detroit Lions win their division for the first time in almost 30 years.
How much can you remember about Premier League clubs in 2023? Test your knowledge with a question from every month of the campaign for each of the 20 teams.
A scheme to reward people for cutting back on electricity use is running for a second day this week.
The Ministry of Defence says the ship was struck by Ukrainian aircraft carrying guided missiles.
Some 80 unidentified bodies handed over by Israel are lowered into a grave in southern Gaza.
The Russian opposition leader was missing for weeks while being moved to one of Russia's toughest jails.
The party is exploring whether some could have their claims assessed before they travel to the UK.
The storm is expected to be felt across the country, with yellow wind and rain warnings in place.
A major study has identified 15 risk factors for young-onset dementia, not all of which are genetic.
There are no shortcuts in the fight against Hamas, the army chief insists as Israel pounds Gaza.
He passed away in a London hospital on Christmas Day, aged 54, with his family by his side.
Police say judges who ruled that Donald Trump can't run for president in Colorado are facing death threats.
The ITV soap is a big omission from the viewing figures, but other old favourites got big audiences.
He was like a "favourite uncle" to the millions who watched the show, said his son John.
Casper was meant to be flying to Fort Myers, Florida, to meet his grandmother but ended up 160 miles away.
The front pages carry a range of stories, including different ways the Tories may seek to "woo" voters ahead of the election.
Sam Allison is set to become the first black referee of a Premier League match in 15 years, but why has it taken so long?
A woman was stripped and paraded in Karnataka state recently as punishment after her son eloped with a girl.
We speak to top athletes like Katarina Johnson-Thompson about how they juggle festive fun with training.
The novelist on how his sudden paralysis affected his relationships and writing, one year on.
This year's heat and drought in the Amazon intensify worries that it is approaching a tipping point.
Confiscated messages written to Moroccan men by Spanish women reveal a history of taboo affairs.
While first-time buyers would welcome price falls, the other costs they face are likely to be higher.
These are the Christmassy questions to which no-one is expected to know any of the answers.
Bathers dressed in Christmas outfits braved icy water to raise money for the RNLI.
Another clip showed the King spending time with Queen Camilla in Balmoral for an upcoming documentary.
Sylvia Pope's bauble collection - the largest in the world - has been passed down to her family.
Yan Chenglong is stripped of his title after drinking in his hotel room and defecating in a bathtub.
The completely destroyed town of Mariinka is seen as a gateway to the Russian-held city of Donetsk.
Support struts are in place to stabilise the building after firefighters were called to the scene.
Rasmus Hojlund scores his first Premier League goal for Manchester United to complete a dramatic comeback against Aston Villa.
TV actor Richard Franklin, 87, died following a long-term illness, his family confirms.
About 225 passengers on a Manchester-bound flight from Barbados are diverted to Bermuda.
Lee Lovell says he still struggles to grieve a year after his wife Emma was stabbed in Australia.
Olivia Taylor from south-east London has a brain tumour which has left her blind.
£3.7bn is expected to be spent on Tuesday, research suggests, but that is still down on 2022.
Hundreds of tourists will gather at the River Coln to watch the race, which will be live-streamed.
Chris Gascoyne will be in panto in St Albans as his last Coronation Street scenes air.
One man was killed and another critically injured in the Christmas Eve attack in Blanchardstown.
Rasmus Hojlund's first Premier League goal marks the start of a new era at Manchester United, writes Simon Stone.
Liverpool signal their title ambitions by going top of the Premier League with a hard-fought victory at relegation-threatened Burnley.
An injury-time own goal from Jannik Vestergaard hands Ipswich a fortuitous draw in their top-of-the-table showdown with Leicester.
Three Harry Byrne penalties are enough to move Leinster back to the top of the United Rugby Championship as they beat Munster 9-3 in Limerick.
Hewick, ridden by Gavin Sheehan, comes through with a blistering finish to win the King George VI Chase at Kempton.
Dominic Solanke continues his fine scoring form as Bournemouth beat Fulham to earn a fourth Premier League win in a row.
Delors helped create the single market, but his dreams of integration faced stiff UK opposition.
More than 30,000 UK children under five are hospitalised with respiratory syncytial virus a year.
The Palestinian president condemns the war, as Israel says it will last "many more months".
Public transport disruption will continue into Thursday and some properties may be without power until Friday.
Beijing is using aggression and propaganda to sway what could be a pivotal race for cross-strait ties.
The speech could be the government's last opportunity to set out tax changes before the general election.
A 46-year-old man died and "numerous" people were injured, police say.
Lorn Pearson places small elephant ornaments in unusual places as a way of remembering her grandmother.
Firefighters were called to a fire at Conservative MP Mike Freer's office on Christmas Eve.
Some of Russia's best-known celebrities apologise as criticism of their behaviour spreads on social media.
Teenager Luke Littler cruises into the last 16 of his debut PDC World Championship with a comfortable win over Matt Campbell.
Pilots of an American Airlines flight encountered strong winds on arrival at London's Heathrow airport.
Many of Thursday's newspapers reflect on the damage caused to parts of the UK by Storm Gerrit.
He passionately believed in an ever-closer European Union but his dreams were not universally shared.
The destruction of the Novocherkassk landing ship was certainly spectacular, but was it significant?
The star's second album is named the year's best record by critic - but who else made the top 20?
Rasmus Hojlund's first Premier League goal marks the start of a new era at Manchester United, writes Simon Stone.
Girl dinner was one of the biggest hashtags on the video-sharing app in the last 12 months.
During the festive period, chosen family play an important role for people in the LGBT community.
Radio Ulster's Irish Music Icons series looks at the life and legacy of Clannad's Moya Brennan.
Murder is Easy stars David Jonsson as a detective investigating deaths in a small village.
She had a record-shattering and money-making 2023. Will the pop-cultural juggernaut dominate again next year?
The NHS is braced for its longest strike after last week's walkout caused nearly 88,000 cancellations.
An American who learnt Welsh in three weeks travelled to the capital to find people to talk to.
A new documentary shines a light on how the famous duo helped change the comedy landscape for women.
The Band of Brothers and Wish You Were Here director died on Christmas Eve aged 82.
The statue measures 6.5m (21.3ft) and shows Shakira dancing in her characteristic hip-swivelling style.
Although never chancellor, Wolfgang Schäuble was one of Germany's most influential politicians.
The government says it will help restore impartiality to state media, but critics have raised concerns.
The presenter says he "wouldn't rule out" new projects with his Grand Tour co-hosts.
The date of the strike was not picked at random as 27 December was the day of Gustave Eiffel's death.
Imports and sales of Apple's Series 9 and Ultra 2 watches had been halted over a patent dispute.
The South Korean actor had been under investigation for illegal drug use since October.
He passed away in a London hospital on Christmas Day, aged 54, with his family by his side.
The former US president can stand in next year's presidential primary in the battleground state.
The decades-old case resurfaced on Tuesday after police identified the body as that of an El Salvador man.
The US news organisation claims millions of its articles were used without permission to train ChatGPT.
Luxury retailer Takashimaya has apologised, but how the hundreds of cakes collapsed remains unknown.
Manchester City come from behind to beat Everton as the champions keep pace with Premier League leaders Liverpool.
Noni Madueke scores an 89th-minute winner from the penalty spot to help Chelsea overcome Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge in the Premier League.
The crowds arrive for Championship fortnight, but for the other 50 weeks of the year, work continues at the All England Club.
Hwang Hee-chan scores twice as Wolves inflict a fourth consecutive Premier League defeat on a depleted Brentford side in a frenetic affair at the Gtech Community Stadium.
Great Britain's freestyle skier Kirsty Muir is set to miss the remainder of the 2023-24 season with a knee injury.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola emphasises the importance of Phil Foden in the absence of striker Eriling Haaland, with the England international scoring in a 3-1 win at Everton in the Premier League.
Christian Marriott, 46, had been helping an unconscious woman when the car hit him and others.
Israeli tanks reportedly reach the outskirts of Bureij refugee camp as the ground offensive expands.
Maine's top election official has ruled Trump cannot run for president next year in the state.
Some properties in the north of Scotland will not be reconnected to the electricity grid until Friday.
Proposals put to the former PM included building a detention camp on Mull, newly-released files show.
A tree crashed into another woman's bathroom during the tornado near Manchester in Storm Gerrit.
Footage from the cockpit shows the helicopter rocking side to side after being hit by winds of up to 80mph.
Emergency services were called to the River Esk in the North York Moors, police say.
Tony Chung told the BBC he felt he had no control over his life, with police scrutinising his every move.
The former James Bond star allegedly left the trail near a dangerous and sensitive hot spring.
It follows tensions over the oil-rich Essequibo region, which Guayana administers but Caracas claims.
Police say the "fire" was actually "lights on a reflective netting surface at the top of the tower".
Many of Friday's newspapers continue their coverage of the damage caused in parts of the UK by Storm Gerrit.
The colours, fabrics and designs which are likely to define our looks for the next 12 months.
Carolyn's dad thought he'd found love, but ended up cut off from his family and friends
A selection of the most powerful pictures taken by news-agency photographers around the world this year.
You can get a haircut at Barber Streisand and a chip shop dinner from A Fish Called Rhondda.
The paiche, one of the biggest freshwater fish, is a risk to native fish stocks in the Amazon.
Wood and glue is better for the environment than steel, says manufacturer, and could see taller turbines.
Keenly awaited secret files show how determined Thatcher was to block an ex spy's tell-all.
The former US president angrily responds to comments from the film's director Chris Columbus.
The singer says walking in the great outdoors was one of the only ways to make her feel better.
At least 30 cases of E.coli may be linked to Mrs Kirkham's cheese, the UK Health Security Agency says.
A study finds only east Lancashire remains an "island of rhoticity" in the face of "homogenisation".
Court documents say the star's son is suffering from drug abuse and mental health issues.
She plotted with her boyfriend to kill her abusive mother in a case that gripped the US media.
Police had stopped the lorry, but the driver refused to get out of the vehicle.
The presenter's return to the ITV ice dance show follows her decision to quit This Morning.
The fan collapsed at a Taylor Swift concert in Rio de Janeiro during a heatwave in the Brazilian city.
Jonny Johnston and Christina Williams from County Fermanagh scooped the prize days before Christmas.
His body was recovered from waters at a holiday and surfing hotspot in South Australia, police say.
"If the world and the Lebanese government don't act... the IDF will do it," says Israeli minister Benny Gantz.
Ex-Prime Minister Sir Tony Blair was keen on an idea to relocate Wimbledon FC to Belfast in the late 1990s.
UK households could put old toasters and hairdryers on the kerbside for pick-up under the proposals.
A 46-year-old man died and "numerous" people were injured in Burngreave, Sheffield, police say.
The funds are the final tranche of aid the White House can allocate without fresh approval from Congress.
A suicide note written by the Prague university attacker confirms the number of his victims as 17.
The Glock has been the weapon of choice for armed forces, gun owners and criminals around the world.
Lorn Pearson places small elephant ornaments in unusual places to remember her grandmother.
Sales of vinyl LPs continued to rise, with Taylor Swift's 1989 becoming this year's best-selling record.
"Whatever you say about the modern EU - it is the house that Jacques built" - Boris Johnson.
Teenager Luke Littler cruises into the last 16 of his debut PDC World Championship with a comfortable win over Matt Campbell.
Steph Daniels, 75, says the game is now completely different, being more dangerous and hard-hitting.
The victim, who survived on rainwater, was taken to hospital where he had to have a leg amputated.
West Ham stun Arsenal to record a third successive Premier League victory, denting the Gunners' title challenge in the process.
Joao Pedro scores two penalties as a superb Brighton overcome Tottenham in the Premier League at the Amex Stadium.
Virat Kohli's defiant 76 fails to save India from being thrashed by an innings and 32 runs by South Africa in the first Test at Centurion.
Former champion Gerwyn Price is out of the PDC World Darts Championship after a shock 4-2 defeat by Brendan Dolan.
Great Britain's Kirsty Muir is "completely shocked" to learn she has suffered a serious knee injury after making the podium in a World Cup event.
Bruno Fernandes, Jermain Defoe and Luis Suarez feature in BBC Sport's round-up of the best goals scored by January transfer window signings.
The Glastonbury Festival founder is among hundreds of people featured on this year's honours list.
The ex-PM, who was in office for 49 days, gives supporters and former aides honours, sparking criticism.
A man has been charged with the murder of Chris Marriott, who died as he helped an unconscious woman.
Moscow takes its tactic of hitting cities and suppressing Ukraine's population to a deadly new level.
Rescuers clear rubble with their hands to release the girl, before running with her to hospital.
Three men died on Thursday after they attempted to cross the River Esk in North Yorkshire.
The states' rulings could have implications for his 2024 bid, but the Supreme Court is expected to weigh in.
A person dies in Scotland after an outbreak of the infection in the UK.
The Galatasaray-Fenerbahce match is called off after the scheduled kick-off because of a disagreement with authorities in Saudi Arabia.
TV presenter and influencer Nastya Ivleeva organised a Moscow party that has sparked a moral backlash.
The move to bolster the country's air defence comes after Moscow launched a wave of attacks overnight.
CCTV shows debris falling from the from the building's ceiling after Russian strikes hit the area.
Thousands took to the streets armed with flaming torches for the return of the traditional walk.
After orange netting was mistaken for flames, we revisit five other big public "whoops" moments.
We asked three military analysts how they think events may unfold in the coming 12 months.
The land of a "fair go" has become one of the least affordable places on Earth to find a home.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Carol Vorderman says Johnny Mercer has not met his pledge to veterans - the minister says he has.
Britney, Stephen King and Chigozie Obioma also have new books coming out in the next 12 months.
A selection of powerful pictures from around the UK in 2023.
Former chef Dave Freeman recalls his time catering for some of the biggest names on the track.
Stars and doctors hope Russell T Davies's BBC drama Men Up can help end impotence stigma.
Andrew Malkinson and ex-hostage John McCarthy discuss surviving captivity on Radio 4's Today programme.
Poland's air defence system initially detected the object but subsequently lost track of it.
James Daly is criticised for saying most children who struggle are the products of bad parents.
Gemma Wiseman, who represented England and Great Britain's deaf women's teams, has died at the age of 33.
It had been due in a few days to join the group, seen as a counterweight to the Western-led world.
It comes more than a year after she revealed her engagement during a live BBC weather forecast.
Police were called to the Manchester City footballer's home after reports of a burglary on Wednesday.
The victim, in her 50s, suffered serious burns in the explosion, in an area near Alton Towers.
They were part of a group of five people from the same family, with a guide they had known for years.
A 29-year-old man faces three charges, including being a learner driver on a motorway.
Former teacher Ruth Major, 79, says her litter picking odyssey has given her a new lease of life.
The Met Office yellow alert says there could be up to 20cm of snow on high ground during Saturday.
Workers at an Adelaide factory have complained of skin irritation and breathing problems, a union says.
Israeli tanks reportedly reach the outskirts of Bureij refugee camp as the ground offensive expands.
The housing market is set to be subdued in 2024 despite hopes of an interest rate cut.
Charlie Taylor says a "fundamental reorientation" of prisons is the only way to reduce reoffending.
Former world champion Raymond van Barneveld will face teenager Luke Littler in the last 16 of the PDC World Championship.
The Professional Footballers' Association is exploring options around the potential for legal action over the growing number of games in the calendar.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton and Shed Seven singer Rick Witter predict the Premier League results.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says players must be "careful" after winger Jack Grealish's home was broken into.
Southampton extend their unbeaten run to 17 games and consolidate third place in the Championship after a 2-1 win over Plymouth Argyle.
Cameron Norrie and Katie Boulter ensure Great Britain make a winning start against hosts Australia at the United Cup in Perth.
Pat Cummins finishes with 10 wickets in the match as Australia clinch a series victory over Pakistan in Melbourne.
Former England cricketer Stuart Broad and England footballers Millie Bright, Mary Earps and Lauren Hemp are recognised in the New Year Honours.
The author speaks to the BBC after being recognised in the 2024 New Year Honours list.
Rizwan Javed has helped vulnerable people and raised awareness about mental health.
Anna Lapwood has also introduced her 690,000 TikTok followers to organ music.
Other Welsh recipients include a teenage cancer fundraiser and a water safety campaigner.
Tony Hudgell lost both his legs because of injuries inflicted by his birth parents, who were jailed.
Sanjay Bhandari, chair of Kick It Out, says the fight against discrimination in football is not over.
Alex McLeish, Stuart Hogg and writer Alexander McCall Smith are among the famous names in the 2024 New Year Honours.
Officials say children were among the dead; Ukraine blames Russian air defences for civilian casualties.
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg looks at life in a town near Moscow, and asks residents about the war.
The British star won a Bafta for the hit 1997 film, and was nominated for two Oscars.
Many passengers are still stranded in London and Paris after flooding cancelled all Eurostar trains.
A new year, and all the political parties are focusing their planning and attention on the polls ahead.
Luke Littler's historic run at the PDC World Darts Championship continues as the 16-year-old stuns Raymond van Barneveld to reach the quarter-finals.
Videos posted on social media show what appears to be a meteor flying over England.
Preet Chandi completes a solo ski expedition, which she says breaks her third world record.
The southern city of Rafah saw an influx of 100,000 people seeking shelter in recent days, officials say.
The American singer alleges multiple instances of assault while the pair worked together.
The blaze broke out at a home in Sanderstead Road, south Croydon, just before 23:00 on Friday.
Manchester United ended a dismal 2023 with defeat at Nottingham Forest as the pressure grows on manager Erik ten Hag.
William Brown, 7, was killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in Folkestone on 6 December.
The Sunday newspapers offer contrasting assessments of Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer's chances of becoming the next prime minister.
His credits ranged from British films like The Full Monty to Hollywood hits like Rush Hour.
Pop music was in a state of flux in 2023, but here are some of the year's most memorable tracks.
This year has seen a series of setbacks, writes Frank Gardner, but there are also glimmers of hope.
Many Taiwanese follow religions with deep ties to China, which delights Beijing but worries Taipei.
Farmers in Switzerland want the predators to be reduced in number to protect livestock.
Extreme heat is the nation's deadliest natural hazard, but its impacts aren't being felt equally.
The National Trust has received thousands of photos and memories of the iconic landmark.
The winger turned Whitton United chairman speaks of the "hard times" in non-league football.
From making history at the Oscars to landing on the Moon - viral moments that had Indians talking.
Andrew Fusek Peters says he takes more than 10,000 images to get one butterfly sequence in focus.
Eight people are arrested and traffic is brought to a standstill as police and protesters clash.
Officers in Utah say Kai Zhuang's parents were sent a ransom demand and a picture of their son.
Families of former inhabitants of Imber attend a carol service in memory of the village.
After four months the family eventually ran out of travel options in South East Asia.
Former teacher Ruth Major, 79, says her litter picking odyssey has given her a new lease of life.
A highly venomous snake interrupts play during Dominic Thiem's match against James McCabe at the Brisbane International.
The secretive artist pens a rare statement about the late comedy pioneer and "born troublemaker".
The scrap fuselage was on its way to Assam from Mumbai on a lorry when it got stuck.
While there is relief in victory for Celtic, defeat in the Old Firm derby highlights dead wood Rangers must cut adrift, writes Tom English.
Manchester City end a stellar year on a high note by beating a battling Sheffield United side to move within two points of leaders Liverpool.
Match of the Day pundits Martin Keown and Dion Dublin discuss how Nottingham Forest exploited and overcame Manchester United to win 2-1 at the City Ground.
Aston Villa's victory over Burnley signals they are genuine Premier League title challengers... even if they have to win ugly.
Edinburgh gain revenge on Glasgow with victory in front of a record crowd at Murrayfield, but are unable to overcome their aggregate deficit as Warriors retain the 1872 Cup.
Wolves end the year on a high with an impressive Premier League home victory over lacklustre Everton.
Match of the Day pundit Martin Keown says Chelsea's Cole Palmer is a "rare talent" following his match-winning performance in their 3-2 win against Luton.
Actress Emilia Clarke and her mother Jenny are named in the New Year Honours for brain charity work.
England's most-capped player is recognised for services to football and prevention of gambling harm.
Tony Hudgell lost both his legs because of injuries inflicted by his birth parents, who were jailed.
Rizwan Javed, 33, has helped vulnerable people while working on the railways in London.
Former England cricketer Stuart Broad and England footballers Millie Bright, Mary Earps and Lauren Hemp are recognised in the New Year Honours.
The pub chain founder and Brexit campaigner is recognised for services to hospitality and culture.
Margrethe II, who has reigned for half a century, will step down to be replaced by her son.
The Archbishop of Canterbury urges politicians to "forswear wedge issues" and avoid divisive topics.
Record numbers are being tested for cancer but treatment targets are still being missed in England.
A higher cap for the next three months adds £94 to the typical annual domestic energy bill.
Kate Vokes, 54, and her son Archie, 22, were killed in an avalanche near Mont Blanc in the French Alps.
The US military says it responded after a vessel came under attack near Yemen twice in 24 hours.
Jarvis Cocker entertains crowds at Edinburgh's New Year party while a mass ceilidh is being staged in Inverness.
Rishi Sunak twice met the former No 10 adviser to discuss campaigns, Downing Street says.
Also a filmmaker, he was a vocal critic of Western foreign policy throughout his career.
Santiago Sánchez was detained during a trek in 2022 to the men's football World Cup in Qatar.
Benjamin Kiplagat, 34, reached the semi-finals of the 2012 London Olympics in the 3,000m steeplechase.
People around the world gather to celebrate the new year, with fireworks shows in major cities.
The lead stories include a UK vow to repel Houthi Red Sea attacks and bring in passport-free travel plans.
"I don't want to lock myself in a fortress. I want to be myself," Crown Prince Frederik once said.
83-year-old Margrethe II is Europe's longest-serving living monarch, having taken the throne in 1972.
Reported deaths and injuries due to lightning have risen dramatically in Bangladesh.
A new year, and all the political parties are focusing their planning and attention on the polls ahead.
Despite lay-offs and the end of a gaming mainstay, 2023 was a year filled with brilliant video games.
The singer will be joined by Rylan Clark and Sharleen Spiteri for the BBC's New Year's Eve concert.
After a tough 2023, will things improve for the UK and other economies in the new year?
The UK's most famous chimes were first broadcast live by the BBC on New Year's Eve 1923.
The new rules will come into effect in June and are part of an effort to ease the impact of tourism.
Police in Utah initially feared that missing Chinese student Kai Zhuang, 17, had been kidnapped.
Officials say Félix Tshisekedi wins a landslide 73% of the vote, while the opposition calls for a rerun.
Staff cancel the bookings of around 200 customers as the pub shuts for the foreseeable future.
Model Ellie Goldstein, who has Down's syndrome, says people should never give up on their dreams.
Many passengers are still stranded in London and Paris after flooding cancelled all Eurostar trains.
The American singer alleges multiple instances of assault while the pair worked together, which Mr Lythgoe denies.
Under new rules, owners of the breed must also ensure their dog is muzzled in public.
The Russian president hailed soldiers as heroes, but didn't directly mention the war in Ukraine.
Luke Littler says he is "daring to dream" of winning the PDC World Darts Championship as the 16-year-old prepares to face Northern Ireland's Brendan Dolan in the quarter-finals.
He departs next year but it is unclear if his character will be killed off or return at some stage.
A show featuring top Pakistani cricketers won thousands of fans across the border in India in 2023.
Will Niger's ending of a seven-year ban on migrant-trafficking lead to more deaths?
Setting out his aims for next year, Kim Jong Un also hardened his stance on unification with South Korea.
After Arsenal's 2-1 defeat at Fulham, manager Mikel Arteta claimed they would not need new signings in January. The truth may be quite different.
Tottenham finish 2023 on a high with victory over Bournemouth in the Premier League at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Leicester end 2023 by beating a much-changed Bath side, who miss the chance to go top of the Premiership.
The January transfer window is open and several players have been linked with a move to and from Premier League clubs.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Nedum Onuoha and Paul Robinson analyse how Fulham stopped Arsenal from going top of the Premier League.
Watch 2 Good 2 Bad from Match of the Day 2, featuring some silky skills, poncho problems and a "mickey-taking mouse".
GB's Katie Boulter records the best win of her career by beating American world number five Jessica Pegula at the United Cup in Perth.
Harry Pitman, 16, was attacked on London's Primrose Hill where crowds had gathered to watch fireworks.
The controversial plans triggered nationwide protests last year against Benjamin Netanyahu's government.
Kimberlee Singler faces extradition to the US after being charged with murder and attempted murder.
Teenager Luke Littler powers through to the PDC World Darts Championship semi-finals with a 5-1 victory over Brendan Dolan.
The Marvel star reflects on his recovery after being run over by his own snow plough last New Year's Day.
Dozens of buildings have collapsed in several towns, trapping an unknown number of people on New Year's Day.
Grace Hart feared losing her university place, until a Pakistan-based photographer got in touch.
An 18-year-old passenger was killed and three other people injured in the crash on New Year's Day.
The Russian leader's comments come after days of aerial bombardment by both sides in the conflict.
Doug Barrowman says his family has been "treated as a punchbag" for "lamentable failures" by ministers.
Another man is in hospital after what police described as a targeted attack at the Edinburgh bar.
In a new year message, Israel's military says it expects fighting in Gaza for the rest of the year.
The i reports on fears Red Sea attacks on ships will have a knock-on effect on key supplies to the UK.
Swimmers have continued the traditional dip in the Firth of Forth to kick off 2024.
Andy May, who has just got out of prison, wants to help other people with gambling addictions.
People around the world gather to celebrate the new year, with fireworks shows in major cities.
From fireworks to meditation - here's how the world welcomed the new year.
Velvety smooth vocals and unabashedly intimate songs make the Oxford crooner one to watch in 2024.
Horizon victims hope a new mini-series will give their story the "oxygen it deserves".
Brics aims to give emerging nations more power in world affairs, and more countries are joining.
Kiri Pritchard-McLean and Rachel Fairburn share an interested in all things strange and macabre.
Disney's copyright on the earliest version of the cartoon characters expires in the US on 1 January.
The defence secretary says British forces are "willing to take direct action" to protect the key shipping lane.
Japan has been hit by a series of earthquakes, prompting evacuation orders and tsunami warnings.
Supporters of the Bangladeshi economist say the case against him is politically motivated.
The origins of the Cerne Abbas Giant hill figure are unravelled by Oxford academics.
Government figures show 29,437 people crossed the Channel in 2023, down 36% on 2022.
PC Dean Dempster, 34, is charged with the sexual assault of a child under 13 and misconduct.
Brad Smith had said the UK was bad for business after a takeover of Activision was initially blocked.
Ana Ofelia Murguía voiced great-grandmother Mama Coco in the Oscar-winning animation.
Charles and Camilla wave at onlookers as they visit St Mary Magdalene Church in Sandringham.
Shoppers will no longer pay VAT on period pants following a campaign by charities and retailers.
The women, aged 91 and 63, were discovered at a house in Staffordshire on New Year's Eve.
The Ukrainian president's message comes as five people were killed in attacks early on New Year's Day.
Record numbers are being tested for cancer but treatment targets are still being missed in England.
Sheila Jones, who had Phenylketonuria (PKU), was treated by pioneering doctors 70 years ago.
The veteran player, aged 37, made the announcement in the lead-up to his final Test match.
Manchester City winger Jack Grealish says thieves burgling his home was a "traumatic experience".
The Chinese leader's New Year's Eve message comes just weeks ahead of Taiwan's crucial general election.
Mohamed Salah scores twice as Liverpool beat Newcastle United 4-2 to open up a three-point lead at the top of the Premier League.
Teenager Luke Littler says he has what it takes to win the PDC World Championship as he prepares for a semi-final against Rob Cross.
Tom Cannon scores twice, his first goals for Leicester, as they thrash Huddersfield to go 10 points clear at the top of the Championship.
The January transfer window is open and several players have been linked with a move to and from Premier League clubs.
Tributes are paid to two-time Olympian Melissa Hoskins following her death in Adelaide, Australia after being hit by a car.
Newcastle manager Eddie Howe is "confused" by the two penalties awarded to Liverpool and one not awarded to his side in their 4-2 Premier League defeat at Anfield.
Great Britain miss out on the United Cup quarter-finals as Australia qualify from Group C with a 2-1 victory over the United States.
Saleh al-Arouri is the most senior Hamas figure killed since the Israel-Hamas war began in October.
Teenager Luke Littler beats 2018 champion Rob Cross to storm into the final of PDC World Darts Championship.
Five people die on coastguard plane after collision with an airliner but 379 escape the bigger plane.
A professor in investigating accidents tells the BBC what might have caused the plane to burst into flames.
The storm brought gusts of up to 81mph, causing widespread travel disruption, flooding and power cuts.
The social justice campaigner, known for her work with children, died on her birthday, aged 61.
Wendy Falconer says she was verbally abused by the man who pretended to be calling from her bank.
The university's top official resigns amid allegations of plagiarism and criticism over her comments on antisemitism.
A Spanish judge will decide whether ex-football boss Luis Rubiales should go on trial for assault.
Simon Rimmer blames a 35% rent rise and increased costs for the closure of Greens in Didsbury.
The incident in a virtual world reportedly left the under-16-year-old traumatised.
The court filing accuses Maine's top electoral official of being a "biased decision maker".
Andrew Jenkins hopes surviving a car crash will help inspire others that they can fight and win.
The 57-year-old was deputy head of Hamas's political bureau and helped establish the group's military wing.
Trees have damaged cars, scaffolding has been blown down and rail lines have been disrupted across the south of England.
Nearly 400 people were trapped inside a burning JAL 516. What happened next has been described as a miracle.
Ukrainians see in a second new year under some of the heaviest aerial bombardment since Russia's war began.
As the NHS enters 2024 and a difficult winter period, find out what's happening in your area.
Jean Mackenzie assesses the damage in Ishikawa prefecture battling against cut off roads.
Turkey has vociferously criticised Israel during the Gaza war, risking recently rebuilt relations.
After scoring a global hit with her summer anthem Water, Tyla comes fourth in the BBC Sound of 2024.
Teenager Luke Littler is one victory away from winning the PDC Darts World Championship and has already pocketed £200,000 for his fairytale run at Alexandra Palace.
Thousands of asylum applications made before June 2022 have still not received initial decisions.
The country has shifted more than a metre to the west following the earthquake this week.
Could a new generation of heat pumps overcome British fears that they can't heat a home.
The 16-year-old is on a strong run at the PDC World Darts Championship, where he has reached the semi-finals.
Electric-only deliveries from Chinese company BYD outpaced Elon Musk's Tesla for the first time.
The 10 warmest years in the UK have all occurred since 2003 according to provisional Met Office data.
A day after the powerful quake which killed 57, rescue services are struggling to reach survivors.
But Home Office figures show the total asylum cases waiting for an initial decision still stands at 99,000.
Alice Wood, 23, killed partner Ryan Watson by running him over with her car.
A boy arrested on suspicion of murder after Harry Pitman was fatally stabbed is released on bail.
South Africa accused Israel of committing genocide in Gaza, triggering Israeli outrage.
City Hall made the comments as people took to social media to complain about the event's organisation.
New rules mean online retail platforms including Airbnb and eBay will share more information with HMRC.
Jack Diamond denies raping and sexual assaulting a woman he met on a dating app.
The Body Coach helped the people of Salford kick off some new year goals with a 5k run, jog or walk.
Exchange student Kai Zhuang is discovered freezing in the Utah mountains after parents pay ransom.
After being shown off by Sir David Attenborough in his latest BBC show, the pliosaur fossil can now be seen at a Dorset museum.
Kevin Wentz says he and Kimberlee Singler, awaiting extradition to the US, had a contentious divorce.
Sir Martyn Oliver says Ofsted must listen to criticism after the suicide of head teacher Ruth Perry.
The Japan Airlines plane was engulfed in flames after it landed at Haneda Airport.
Birmingham City sack manager Wayne Rooney after just 83 days in charge, with Blues 20th in the Championship.
The trailer for the slasher movie was released as the cartoon character entered the public domain.
Claudia Winkleman says players are cannier in the second series of the popular reality TV show.
The discount supermarkets say they were helped by shoppers looking to cut the cost of celebrations.
The RAC motoring organisation says the government has missed its target for installing charging points.
Following a £550,000 grant from Historic England, work to make much-needed repairs can begin.
Walt Disney is known as 'an American Original' but his Irish roots are a tale as old as time.
Rafael Nadal makes a winning return after almost a year out with injury with a straight-set win over Dominic Thiem at the Brisbane International.
Barlinnie Prison in Glasgow has been giving inmates the chance to make their own hip-hop tracks.
The victims' commissioner suggests payments would apply to anyone killed - including paramilitaries.
The verse is discovered more than 80 years after being written.
Lee Jae-myung was airlifted to hospital after a man posing as a supporter lunged at him with a knife.
Brighton manager Roberto de Zerbi praises his side's "very smart game" after they keep their first clean sheet of the season in a goalless draw at West Ham.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Celtic score twice in the opening six minutes on the way to beating St Mirren and maintaining their eight-point lead at the summit of the Scottish Premiership.
Manchester United outcast Jadon Sancho might kickstart his career with a January loan move to former club Borussia Dortmund.
Brighton boss Roberto de Zerbi jokes the media will be "happy" after Brighton keep their first Premier League clean sheet of the season in their 0-0 draw at West Ham.
Emma Raducanu says she is "grateful to be healthy" again after winning her first match following eight months out with injury.
All children of working parents in England will get 30 hours of funded childcare by September 2025.
The disgraced millionaire mixed with figures from the worlds of politics, business and royalty.
Iran vows a harsh response after bombs target crowds on the anniversary of Qasem Soleimani's death.
England's Luke Humphries beats 16-year-old Luke Littler in a gripping final at Alexandra Palace to win his first PDC World Championship title.
The Labour leader kicks off the year with a speech, as politicians look towards the looming election.
NHS bosses say the service is under huge pressure - but junior doctors say they are misusing the system.
Parts of the East Midlands have been severely affected by flooding and strong winds, brought by Storm Henk.
The head of Lebanon's largest military force says the death of Saleh al-Arouri will be avenged.
The Trump campaign says keeping him off the ballot is an "un-American" act of election interference.
Francoise Bornet was part of a young couple who were seen embracing on the street in 1950.
Statehouses in Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Montana, Connecticut and Michigan had to be evacuated.
The defendant's lawyers argue they should review Rushdie's upcoming memoir about the incident.
Noel Thomas, 77, from Anglesey, says the Post Office scandal has been "hell for a lot of people".
The man, who spent almost 24 hours floating in the ocean, harnessed the sun's rays to attract attention.
Luke Littler loses chance to become youngest world darts champion after being beaten by Luke Humphries.
Wajima was one of the worst hit places in Monday's earthquake. Now it resembles a ghost town.
Lyse Doucet assesses if Hezbollah and Hamas will retaliate after Saleh al-Arouri was killed in Lebanon.
Mary met Prince Frederik by chance in a Sydney bar - now she's about to become Queen of Denmark.
In just five days, Russia has fired 500 missiles and drones at Ukraine. What does it mean for the war?
Pupils are forced to postpone science experiments, and even switch courses, months before their GCSEs.
As her club sound goes overground, the Korean-born musician comes third in Radio 1's Sound of 2024.
Andrew Jenkins hopes surviving a car crash will help inspire others that they can fight and win.
But only one of the top 10 biggest-selling albums of 2023 was a new release, official figures show.
A transcript shows a coastguard aircraft was told to hold short of the runway an airliner was approaching.
Both sides thanked the United Arab Emirates for mediating the deal.
The Office for Statistics Regulation will investigate whether official announcements were misleading.
London Zoo conducts its annual count of residents - who take advantage of the photo opportunity.
Sixteen-year-old Harry was stabbed to death on New Year's Eve in Primrose Hill, north London.
From a bust to a champagne finish, a leg to a set, we've got you covered on what you need to know.
Homes and businesses are flooded and travel disrupted, with more rain to come, say forecasters.
Junior doctors have begun a six-day walkout in England which threatens severe disruption.
The airline says sites including Booking.com, Kiwi and Kayak suddenly removed its flights in December.
The former chancellor plays himself putting tough questions to then-chief executive Paula Vennells.
Willis Gibson posted a video on YouTube of the moment he reached level 157, causing the game to crash.
After the UK's biggest lender reduces rates on new fixed deals, other providers are expected to follow suit.
Shutting the site at Southport follows the closure of holiday parks at Prestatyn and Camber Sands.
Sweden and Finland record their coldest temperatures of the winter, as Denmark is hit by a snowstorm.
The government should 'urgently consider' AI-specific legislation a think-tank says.
The teenager vanished in 2017 after going on holiday to Spain with his mother and grandfather.
Research suggests £13.7bn was spent at supermarkets last month, with an average household parting with £477.
The UK's latest storm is named by a visitor to the Dutch forecaster's headquarters.
Teenager Luke Littler has taken the PDC World Darts Championship by storm on his debut, aged just 16.
With 16-year-old Luke Littler reaching the PDC World Darts Championship final, BBC Sport looks at some other teenage sporting sensations.
With Premier League and EFL club options looking thin, what does Wayne Rooney's managerial future look like following his sacking by Birmingham City after just 83 days?
Luke Humphries' world title win "has proved a lot in terms of my mental ability", having previously spoken about his struggles with anxiety.
India dismiss South Africa for just 55 before collapsing to 153 all out in reply as 23 wickets fall on an extraordinary opening day in Cape Town.
England men's rugby union team choose to end their relationship with the Rugby Players Association (RPA).
BBC Sport looks back at the 2014 Arsenal v Liverpool FA Cup tie, which the Gunners won 2-1 at the Emirates with goals from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Lukas Podolski.
All children of working parents in England will get 30 hours of funded childcare by September 2025.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Downpours are hitting saturated ground in the south, and residents have been evacuated from hundreds of homes.
Nick Lupton's home, next to the River Severn in Worcestershire, has been flooded eleven times since 2016.
The athlete, who ran on carbon-fibre prosthetics, murdered his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013.
The PM seeks to dampen speculation about a May general election saying he has lots to "get on with".
The British actress is widely known for playing Winifred Banks in the 1964 Disney musical.
About 120,000 workers at the supermarket will see their wages increase by more than 9% from March.
The US promises to raise what is calls a significant and concerning escalation at the UN Security Council.
The attacker, a 17-year-old armed with two weapons, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, police say.
The Islamic State group says it carried out Wednesday's attack in southern Iran that killed 84 people.
Al-Arouri, a deputy political leader of Hamas, was killed in an attack in Beirut on Tuesday.
George Du Preez was put at the "back of the queue" for help after he moved to Wales, his wife says.
Typically a well behaved dog, this seven-year-old chowed down on an envelope of his owners' money.
Darts sensation Luke Littler speaks to BBC Sport's Matt Graveling about the final of the World Darts Championship as well as people joking about his age.
The identities are being revealed under a US lawsuit connected to the disgraced millionaire.
President Emmanuel Macron is accused of caving in to the wine lobby by failing to back the campaign.
A court in France says intelligence provided to police is often "first level" and "very general".
What is Labour's green investment plan and what would it do to the UK economy?
Belgorod has seen cross-border attacks before, but Saturday's was the deadliest on Russian soil so far.
There will be "little to no Tube service" on the London Underground, Transport for London warns.
Millions of young Chinese face an uncertain future in the world's second-largest economy.
Olivia Dean could have played safe on her debut album. Instead, she got messy - with stellar results.
A man in Liverpool is thought to have fired shots in a corner shop, at a cinema and at a house.
The Labour leader sets out dividing lines with Rishi Sunak ahead of a general election later this year.
A new antibiotic compound could help treat a bacterium the World Health Organization classes as a major threat.
Sir Martyn Oliver said that inspectors will pause training on the anniversary of Ruth Perry's death.
Presenter Carol Vorderman hits out at Tory politician Sean Bailey after he criticised her on GB News.
Families who lost loved ones at the San Francisco bridge have called for a solution for decades.
It was a flight attendant who raised the alarm about the cabin fire, said an airline spokesperson.
A new feature in the browser will disable third-party cookies for 30 million users.
Reckitt are recalling batches of Nutramigen powders after finding bacteria in an "isolated overseas sample".
The Hollywood star was moved by the BBC story of the student who pedalled 4,000km to get to a university.
The pop star was responding to reports that she may be getting ready to release new music.
At least 77 people are now known to have died in the quake and thousands are still without power.
Everton boss Sean Dyche says the use of VAR is "testing my patience" after Dominic Calvert-Lewin's red card at Crystal Palace.
Luke Littler has been selected for Premier League Darts following his fairytale run to the final of the PDC World Championship.
Sunderland owner Kyril Louis-Dreyfus says he was "disgusted" after a bar at the Stadium of Light was redecorated with Newcastle slogans.
Should Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin have been sent off for this challenge on Crystal Palace's Nathaniel Clyne?
Erik ten Hag says he has held "very positive" meetings with Manchester United's new investors Ineos.
Australia opener David Warner says he is "pleased and relieved" to have been reunited with his 'baggy green' cap during his final Test.
Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin is controversially sent off but the 10-man Toffees hold on to force an FA Cup third-round replay with Crystal Palace.
As many of us head back to work and school, here are some top tips on making savings at lunchtime.
As the new energy cap increases bills, firms must offer more help to customers who are struggling.
New documents indicate the PM had doubts about sending migrants to Rwanda when he was chancellor.
It comes as 50 new potential victims of the scandal have contacted lawyers after the airing of a related TV drama.
Lawsuits nationwide are seeking to disqualify Mr Trump, arguing that he engaged in insurrection.
The move will trigger a by-election in the former energy minister's Kingswood seat near Bristol.
The former political adviser, had multiple health issues after first being hospitalised with Covid in 2020.
There are more than 230 flood warnings in place as several rivers in England burst their banks.
Kicking off a new phase of his re-election bid, the US president warned of threats to democracy.
The videos were part of the Epiphany festivities which show the Three Wise Men bringing presents for children.
The plans are unveiled by the defence minister as fighting rages on in the Palestinian territory.
Twenty-five people were killed on Saturday in Belgorod - the biggest city near Ukraine.
ITV calls Joey Barton's comments towards Eni Aluko and Lucy Ward "contemptible and shameful" after he compares them to serial killers Fred and Rose West.
His wife Helen Snell said he died "after a valiant battle for life in the loving company of family".
Simon Wood says he nearly fell off his chair when the transatlantic visitor landed in his garden.
To Trump, the Capitol riot was a "beautiful day". Biden cites it to emphasise Trump's threat.
Survivors and relatives of those killed or kidnapped pay emotional visits to the festival site for a memorial event.
The South African runner was freed on parole 11 years after murdering his girlfriend.
From the mundane to the heartbreaking, photojournalist Helen Rimell documents her mother's decline.
The singer's hit Murder on the Dancefloor gets a boost more than 20 years after it first charted.
Labour and the government are making very different claims about the impact of tax changes.
More than 1,600 pills were bought by the BBC by entering false information online without challenge.
Analysis shows that our ideas of the colours of the planets Neptune and Uranus have been wrong.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Aerial video shows horses being rescued and cars, lorries and homes under water as river banks burst.
The Duke of York denies groping a woman, alleged in newly released court papers related to Jeffrey Epstein.
People chanted "scum" and a lager can struck Smith's car before a derby match at Portman Road.
Correspondent Sean Dilley has been getting to know his new guide dog, also called Shawn.
His resignation comes days before a civil corruption trial against the gun-rights group in New York.
The disturbance saw gunfire outside Liverpool's Showcase Cinema, a newsagents and a house.
Christian Oliver was travelling with his daughters, ages 10 and 12, when they crashed in the Caribbean.
The principal's daughter said he distracted the shooter to give students an opportunity to escape.
The man who claimed to be Irish orphan Arthur Knight is returned to his homeland to face rape charges.
The indie-rock band top the annual BBC poll, which has a track record of predicting breakout success.
Strike action by London Underground workers will go ahead from Friday evening, union bosses say.
Residents are seen running as the landslide crashes down in footage from New Year's Day.
It is the first time Royal Mail has dedicated an entire stamp issue to a female pop group.
There will be "little to no Tube service" on the London Underground, Transport for London warns.
Tottenham beat fellow Premier League side Burnley to move into the fourth round of the FA Cup thanks to Pedro Porro's stunning strike.
Bobby De Cordova-Reid's thumping strike is enough to give Premier League Fulham a narrow win over Championship strugglers Rotherham at Craven Cottage.
Promoter Eddie Hearn says Anthony Joshua will face ex-UFC fighter Francis Ngannou in Saudi Arabia.
Wolves earn an FA Cup third-round replay with Premier League rivals Brentford despite having Joao Gomes sent off after just nine minutes at Brentford Community Stadium
England players Joe Root and Nat Sciver-Brunt have both been nominated for 2023 ICC awards.
Watch all the angles of Pedro Porro's thunderous strike that gave Tottenham a 1-0 win over Burnley in their FA Cup third round tie.
As rail fares are set to go up in the spring, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
Use our interactive calculator to find out how much more you'll be paying for energy each month.
Use our calculator to find out how much mortgage payments could go up for your household.
It comes after part of the fuselage of an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 Max 9 fell off, forcing an emergency landing.
Footage from TikTok shows passengers on an Alaska Airlines flight moments after it lost a section of its fuselage.
The PM will hit the road in 2024 in a bid to turn around his election chances, says Laura Kuenssberg.
Three months into the Gaza war, the militants are "without commanders" in the area, the IDF say.
The Oscar winner says she feels compelled to help young actors "because it was hard growing up".
Glynn Simmons served the longest known wrongful sentence in the US for murder. Now he's tasting freedom.
The Met says the case relates to a report a man was raped at a home in north London last Monday.
Five children are among those killed in a missile strike in the east, the local governor says.
More than 120 people have been confirmed dead since Monday's 7.5 magnitude earthquake.
The chancellor "profoundly" disagrees with Chris Skidmore who quit as an MP over government energy plans.
Paul Adams examines the Gaza proposal - which is little more than a series of bullet points.
New documents indicate the PM had doubts about sending migrants to Rwanda when he was chancellor.
Kyiv condemns Putin's decree to give citizenship to Ukrainian children who were taken to Russia.
National Insurance rates are falling, but other changes mean many people are paying more tax.
The TV presenter was praised for the way she cared for her husband Derek Draper, who has died aged 56.
The freeing on parole of the ex-athlete reignites the discussion about violence against women in South Africa.
Cancelled operations and exhausted staff - the BBC goes into a busy hospital coping during a strike.
Atesh, meaning fire in Crimean Tatar, says it collects data on Russian forces in occupied Ukraine.
'Nature hero' Rosemary Parslow is still helping the wildlife of the Scilly Isles even in her late 80s.
From the mundane to the heartbreaking, photojournalist Helen Rimell documents her mother's decline.
The widow of an opposition worker says she believes her husband was tortured.
Influenced by a post apocalyptic show, NERV - with just 13 employees - is relied on by millions.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
It comes as 50 new potential victims of the scandal have contacted lawyers after the airing of a TV drama.
Aston Villa's Matty Cash hits an 87th-minute winner against Middlesbrough to earn his side a first win in the FA Cup since 2016 at a vibrant Riverside Stadium.
There has been a 12-fold increase in hateful social media content being referred to specialist police officers.
The teenager is also accused of having an offensive weapon following the New Year's Eve stabbing.
The testimony by a Jeffrey Epstein employee appears in around 1,300 pages of newly unsealed evidence.
Authorities have has warned of "significant" flooding on Saturday, while temperatures could drop below freezing.
The US singer says he had surgery after being diagnosed last year as he takes a break from touring.
Lawsuits nationwide are seeking to disqualify Mr Trump, arguing that he engaged in insurrection.
Rhodri Jones could not believe he had seen the bird, not native to Wales since the 16th Century.
The TV executive is being sued by women including Paula Abdul who allege sexual assault.
Greece spent 16 years restoring palace ruins where Alexander the Great was crowned more than 2,000 years ago.
Twenty-five people were killed last weekend in Belgorod - the biggest Russian city near Ukraine.
Elijah McClain died in Colorado in 2019, after he was pinned down by police and injected with ketamine.
Kicking off a new phase of his re-election bid, the US president warned of threats to democracy.
Chelsea book their place in the FA Cup fourth round as three second-half goals take them past Championship side Preston.
Sixth-tier Maidstone United stun League One side Stevenage to reach the FA Cup fourth round for the first time.
Watch as Sheffield Wednesday goalkeeper Cameron Dawson saves two penalties in the first seven minutes during their FA Cup third round match against Cardiff City.
Raheem Sterling scores a "fantastic" free-kick to make it 3-0 to Chelsea against Preston North End at Stamford Bridge in the third round of the FA Cup.
Sixth-tier Maidstone United cause an FA Cup upset by beating League One side Stevenage.
Mark McCall understands if Owen Farrell wants to explore his options away from Saracens, amid reports of a move to France.
The justice secretary is looking into steps to help hundreds of wrongly convicted sub-postmasters.
Little or no service was expected on London Underground until Friday morning.
The US aviation regulator says 171 Boeing planes will remain grounded until it is satisfied they are safe.
Sir Roy Calne's son, Russell, says his dad was a "genius" who will be missed by those who knew him.
Jakub Kiwior's own goal and a clinical Luis Diaz strike give Liverpool a 2-0 victory at Arsenal in the FA Cup third round.
Retired postman Rodney Holbrook never expected to capture a Ratatouille-style scene in his own shed.
North Northamptonshire councillor Helen Harrison becomes Tory candidate in Wellingborough by-election.
Barbie star Margot Robbie is among the nominees at the ceremony, which takes place in Los Angeles.
Hamza al-Dahdouh was with other journalists when a reported strike hit a road between Khan Younis and Rafah.
Christine Granville risked her life in missions across Europe only to be killed by her former lover.
A 16-year-old boy and man, 40, became submerged in water in their car in Lincolnshire, police say.
Jessica Daley travelled from Middlesbrough to Leicester to star as Eva Peron in Evita on Saturday.
The problems for Prince Andrew from his association with disgraced US financier Jeffrey Epstein show no signs of going away.
Who are the eight surviving members of humanity's greatest feat of exploration?
As Rafael Nadal withdraws from this year's Australian Open - and potentially says goodbye to the tournament for good - BBC Sport looks at his most memorable Melbourne moments.
A wildlife cameraman's close encounter with a silverback as he filmed a process designed to save the species.
Coaches and young players give their top tips on how aspiring darts stars should get started.
Both Israelis and Palestinians believe the world does not understand their pain and suffering.
Unique flavour combinations and profiles represent how Taiwan's unique identity is starting to take shape.
The annual Haxey Hood rugby-style contest took place in two North Lincolnshire villages.
The government wants Kenya's three million motorbike taxi riders to go green but only a few have done so.
The Labour leader calls for a general election as soon as possible, adding that he wanted the fight.
White House officials tell US media that Lloyd Austin's treatment was kept quiet for three days.
Paul Maynard is accused of using taxpayer money to fund Conservative Party work and campaigning.
The new speed limit is set to be enforced after a three-and-a-half month "bedding in period".
Tracy McFadden was wrongly accused of stealing £16,000 by the Post Office.
Rafael Nadal says he will miss the Australian Open after sustaining a hip injury at the Brisbane International this week.
Manchester City made a routine start to their FA Cup defence against Huddersfield, but it was the sight of a returning Kevin de Bruyne that proved the real highlight for the home fans.
Watch highlights as Liverpool progress to the fourth round of the FA Cup as two late goals secure Jurgen Klopp's side a 2-0 victory at Arsenal.
Watch all the angles as Patrick Bamford scores a "belter" of a volley to double Leeds' advantage over Peterborough United in the FA Cup third round.
Jurgen Klopp celebrates the "biggest bonus" after avoiding an FA Cup replay but seven managers face losing some of their winter break.
Exeter's in-form winger Immanuel Feyi-Waboso looks set to choose England over Wales before the 2024 Six Nations.
The government says its plans for victims of the Horizon IT scandal will be published "shortly".
The airline finds installation issues, including bolts in need of "tightening", during checks of Boeing planes.
Former West Germany captain and manager Franz Beckenbauer, widely regarded as one of football's greatest players, dies aged 78.
A yellow warning has been issued with ice and small amounts of snow expected in southern England and Wales.
The bus, which had no passengers on board, was heading to a school in Kirkcaldy.
The US secretary of state wants to prevent the war escalating but the cauldron of tensions could boil over.
Legendary Wales and British and Irish Lions full-back JPR Williams dies at the age of 74.
Sir Keir Starmer's party want ministers to disclose the cost of sending asylum seekers to the African country.
A US spacecraft launched from Florida to land on the lunar surface encounters propulsion problems.
The influencer and his brother are attempting to reclaim items including luxury cars.
Hezbollah confirmed the death of Wissam Tawil, marking a further escalation of tensions with Israel.
The mother of Christopher Kapessa says family members were assaulted and received hate mail.
The north-east Scotland based Stewart Milne Group failed to attract any viable offers after being put up for sale.
Franz Beckenbauer, who has died aged 78, was the friend of Sir Bobby Charlton, Bobby Moore and Pele and one of football's most important figures.
Many questions remain after a 737 Max Boeing plane suffered a mid-air blowout in the US.
Rae was 21 when she became a charismatic Nigerian preacher’s disciple - and suffered years of abuse.
Stars including Margot Robbie and Taylor Swift arrived in a variety of eye-catching outfits.
An Oregon teacher named Bob is thanked by investigators after finding a missing door plug in a yard.
Health officials explain when to keep your child at home and how to stop the spread of bugs.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt claims National Insurance cut is worth 'nearly £1,000 for a typical two-earner family'.
Beijing is pushing "US scepticism" to drive a wedge between Taiwan and its biggest ally, say analysts.
The background to the cases of sub-postmasters whose convictions were based on evidence from faulty IT.
Rupert Johnston was left brain damaged after a car crash, but his prolific musical ability lives on.
Portable X-ray equipment that can take high quality images is transforming healthcare in remote areas.
Kirkby was the UK's first line with battery-powered trains but has been plagued with delays.
Jack Diamond denied raping and sexually assaulting a woman he had a sex-based relationship with.
Ms Catchpole is the mother of Mr Morrison's two daughters and they were together for two decades.
A tornado moved through downtown Fort Lauderdale Saturday evening hitting power cables and buildings.
Milena Sanchez says she felt at her "wits' end" when she quit The Receipts in October last year.
Woods became synonymous with Nike as they joined forces on his rise to the top in the late 1990s.
Former minister Sir Alok Sharma says he will not vote for plans to guarantee annual oil and gas licensing rounds.
The firm's founder has earned more than £1bn over four years but campaigners say it is not "fair".
The tech giant is compensating US customers and faces similar allegations in the UK.
A minister says holding a vote on removing King Charles III as head of state is "not a priority".
Sixteen-year-old Luke Littler will make his World Series debut this month after becoming the youngest player to reach the PDC World Championship final.
The president makes the comments after being interrupted by 'ceasefire now' chants in South Carolina.
The jet involved in Friday's incident had been prevented from long trips over water, US investigators say.
ITV's new series will see the return of islanders like Georgia Harrison, Kaz Kamwi and Anton Danyluk.
The actor teams up with victims' families to demand action and releases a single called Knives Down.
Manchester United prove too strong for League One Wigan Athletic as Erik ten Hag's side move into the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Watch highlights as goals from Diogo Dalot and Bruno Fernandes see Manchester United beat Wigan Athletic 2-0 to reach the FA Cup fourth round.
Bruno Fernandes scores Man Utd's second from spot but Matt Upson questions decision to award penalty which secures a 2-0 FA Cup third round victory for the Red Devils at Wigan.
The legendary Wales and British and Irish Lions full-back JPR Williams was one of those special sporting stars who was known by his initials.
Former Arsenal striker Thierry Henry says he "must have been in depression" during his playing career.
BBC Sport looks back at Franz Beckenbauer's incredible career and his success at the World Cup as both a player and a manager after the German football legend passed away aged 78.
Emma Raducanu reunites with childhood coach Nick Cavaday in time for the Australian Open where she will play her first Grand Slam for a year.
Da'Vine Joy Randolph, Emma Stone and Barbie are among the other award winners.
One commentator joked his monologue was "a bomb" and viewers also commented on his one-liners.
The legendary director's win marks the first Golden Globe award for a non-English animated feature.
Oppenheimer wins five prizes, while Anatomy of a Fall, The Holdovers and Poor Things score two each.
The interest paid on savings is better than anything seen for years, so how can you save when bills are rising?
National Insurance rates are falling, but other changes mean many people are paying more tax.
Paula Vennells says she has "listened" to those calling for her to return the honour.
The workers say they believe racism affected the way people were treated in the Horizon scandal
Footage shows armed men wearing masks surrounding journalists in the Guayaquil-based newsroom.
The justice department called the ex-president's claim of total immunity from prosecution "frightening".
Climate records tumbled "like dominoes" in 2023, with temperatures far above any recorded level.
The US Secretary of State says the creation of a Palestinian state is vital for long-term peace in the region.
The BBC reports from one of the few places in the city where you can eat dog meat ahead of a ban.
Two big lenders cut their mortgage rates as the battle for those seeking a new deal continues.
Former minister Robert Jenrick leads a group of 40 would-be rebels looking to "strengthen" the bill.
Video shows a bright green flashing at the aircraft, an offence officials say could endanger lives.
Chelsea miss a host of chances as Championship side Middlesbrough earn a slender advantage in the first leg of their EFL Cup semi-final at a boisterous Riverside.
Other NHS workers have risen in number five times more than midwives over the past decade.
Nikki Haley wrote in her 2012 book that she suggested her husband change his name from Bill to Michael.
The first person to blow the whistle on the abuse at the megapastor's church was his young daughter.
The conmen in Bihar state promised to pay huge sums of money to men to get childless women pregnant.
US company Astrobotic had hoped to land its Peregrine spacecraft on the Moon next month.
Ex-CIA agent says Cuba has 'surpassed the KGB' as a former top US diplomat is charged with spying.
Lampposts and mobile charging machines are being touted as the answer to charging electric cars.
Promising peace with China, the once-dominant KMT faces a difficult balancing act in upcoming polls.
Irish singer died last July at her home in south London aged 56.
Boeing's boss Dave Calhoun vows to find the cause of the incident on the Alaska Airlines flight.
Bethany Cox was accused of child destruction and using misoprostol to procure her own miscarriage.
Gabriel Attal is named France's next prime minister, as Emmanuel Macron aims to revive his presidency.
Rugby international Api Ratuniyarawa admitted attacking three different women in a bar.
Katie Allan was said to be incredibly distressed before taking her own life at a young offenders institute.
Microsoft said AI and supercomputing were used to synthesise an entirely new material.
The gondola is said to have fallen 7m (23ft) at the Hochoetz ski resort in Tyrol.
A witness tells the Christopher Kapessa inquest he was pushed into the River Cynon.
US investigators have shared footage from inside the cabin of the grounded Alaskan Airlines plane.
Mark Drakeford says people "genuinely confused" about the new speed limit will not face action.
The Fifa successor retained its position at the top of the gaming league table despite a rebrand.
North Korea watchers believe he hit the milestone on Monday, although the state remained silent.
Apple's long-awaited mixed-reality headset will launch in the US on 2 February.
The teenager is also accused of having an offensive weapon following the New Year's Eve stabbing.
The Irish singers, who both died in 2023, were friends and recorded a duet together in 1995.
Timo Werner endured a difficult spell in the Premier League at Chelsea, but will he make the most of his second chance in England with Tottenham?
Former footballer Joey Barton's social media tirade against women working in the men's game is "not acceptable", says sports minister Stuart Andrew.
Britain's Emma Raducanu pulls out of a charity match scheduled to take place on Tuesday at Melbourne Park.
Dejan Kulusevski reveals what goes on inside Tottenham's group chat.
Everton are successful in their appeal against the red card shown to Dominic Calvert-Lewin in their FA Cup third-round draw at Crystal Palace.
Mike Vrabel is sacked as head coach of the Tennessee Titans after a second consecutive losing season in the NFL.
Mr Bates vs The Post Office is not the only TV series to have helped renew public interest in an issue.
The firm behind the Horizon software is facing growing calls over its role in the Post Office scandal.
The convictions of sub-postmasters were based on evidence from faulty IT.
A digital forensic investigator says he told the Post Office that Horizon data was "unreliable" in 2003.
The Post Office scandal has been catapulted up the political agenda, our political editor writes.
Ex-postmistress Jess Kaur says she ended up in hospital and attempted suicide from her ordeal.
Mr Bates inspired an ITV drama about sub-postmasters' battle against the Post Office.
Nicki Arch and Wendy Buffrey were wrongly accused of stealing thousands in the Horizon scandal.
Former sub-postmaster Ian Warren says his life was ruined when he was wrongly accused of taking £18,000.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Cold weather payments are available to some people after seven days of below-zero temperatures.
New laws are to be introduced to clear the names of ex-postmasters caught up in Horizon IT scandal.
Mr Christie drops out with a vow not to "enable" Donald Trump and a hot mic broadside at another rival.
T-shirts from Pakistan had their labels swapped by workers in fashion firm’s Leicester factory last year.
President Daniel Noboa declares a war on armed gangs after days of violence across the country.
A warning to Swedes to prepare for war from two top defence officials prompts accusations of alarmism.
The Russian opposition leader made his first public appearance in a video call since being moved to an Arctic prison.
The DNA of ancient cattle herders has revealed how diseases evolved in Europe over thousands of years.
Marlene Engelhorn, 31, inherited millions and wants to recruit 50 people to hand most of it out.
Sir Jonathan Thompson says inflation has added up to £10bn to cost of London to Birmingham stretch.
Three UK doctors who worked at al-Aqsa hospital warn of a "disaster" as fighting nearby intensifies.
The allies warn of "consequences" after 21 drones and missiles were launched by the Iran-based group.
The Ellon-based craft beer giant says the decision was "necessary" despite a £321m profit last year.
Most of the world deplores the Houthi attacks on shipping, but there are barriers which make it difficult for the West to stop them.
Taiwan has become what Beijing has always dreaded: a separate place with a separate people.
Police arrived at a distraught mother's house the day after her daughter died at Kettering General Hospital.
The BBC's Gladiators reboot hits screens on Saturday, but can it match the show's 1990s success?
Nottingham Forest's Harry Toffolo says he feared his career had been ended when charged with betting breaches.
Stewart Milne started off as an electrician before launching his own company in Aberdeen in 1975.
A closer look at what is behind the wave of violence which has engulfed once-peaceful Ecuador.
Grassroots footballers Charlotte and Daisy say they relate to receiving comments about their body image.
The first person to blow the whistle on the abuse at the megapastor's church was his young daughter.
Pop-up shops are proving one way to fill empty units left on our High Streets, as chains struggle.
Scammers in Bihar state promised to pay huge sums of money to men to get childless women pregnant.
As Radio City changes its name, Bauer Media says it is reviewing the signage on its famous tower.
Mark Ormrod said the legs were taken from his car overnight while it was outside a Premier Inn.
The Advertising Standards Authority ruled the ad was "irresponsible and likely to cause serious offence".
The roommate of an asylum seeker who died on the barge says conditions on board are "getting worse".
The family of murdered law graduate Zara Aleena say they have "numerous questions" for Belmarsh bosses.
One local farmer says some animals have already died after freezing temperatures set in this week.
The first pub will open at Haven's Primrose Valley Holiday Park in Filey, North Yorkshire, in March.
Kiefer Sutherland and Halle Berry lead tributes to the "wonderful spirit" of the Mexican star.
Cillian Murphy, Robert Downey Jr. and Emily Blunt are all recognised for their roles in Oppenheimer.
The actor says it is unnecessarily cruel to use real bear fur in soldiers' bearskin caps.
Armed men are seen pointing guns at staff inside a live TV studio in the city of Guayaquil.
Young people are unaware taking and sharing nude pictures of someone under 18 is a crime, police say.
Voice actors say they were not told about the agreement signed by the Sag-Aftra actors' union.
Lloyd Austin is under fire after it emerged even the White House did not learn of his hospital visit until three days later.
Liverpool stage a second-half turnaround to beat Fulham at Anfield in the first leg of their Carabao Cup semi-final tie.
Yorkshire's board approves a controversial takeover bid for the cash-strapped club by a consortium headed up by former chairman Colin Graves.
Northern Ireland's Mark Allen fights back from 3-1 down to beat Scotland's John Higgins 6-5 in a thrilling deciding frame to reach the Masters quarter-finals.
American Simone Biles says she felt like a failure following the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid in extra time in a Spanish Super Cup semi-final thriller in Saudi Arabia.
Watch the moment Mark Selby reacts to a noise in the crowd that distracts him while playing a shot against Robert Milkins at the Masters.
BBC Sport travels to Germany to discover why former Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso has become so highly rated as a coach.
Nine victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal share their stories in a moving BBC Breakfast interview.
Hundreds of sub-postmasters were wrongly convicted due to evidence from faulty IT software.
Mr Bates vs The Post Office is not the only TV series to have helped renew public interest in an issue.
Karen Jolliffe, 77, has come forward after being inspired by Post Office scandal campaigners.
Ex-Post Office branch manager Sally Stringer is demanding Fujitsu pay towards compensation
Tom Hedges from Skegness says his and his family's lives were "wrecked" by the wrongful accusations
The workers say they believe racism affected the way people were treated in the Horizon scandal
Karen spent three months in prison and says she wishes she had been "as brave" as other Post Office workers.
Fenny Compton village played a "significant role" in the Post Office's Horizon scandal, locals say.
A Devon woman wrongfully convicted in the Post Office scandal says she lost time with her children.
Stephen Bradshaw comes face to face with sub-postmasters he investigated at the Horizon scandal inquiry.
South African lawyers present their case on the first day of a hearing at the UN's top court.
Nadin Abdullatif moved home three times since the war began, and an Israeli air strike killed her brother.
The prince praised their "outstanding efforts" during their motor neurone disease charity fundraising.
The city was built 2,500 years ago but may have been abandoned after a volcanic eruption.
The Labour leader says the Crown Prosecution Service he led handled a total of four million cases.
The former president faces a $370m penalty and the threat of being barred from doing business in New York.
The US president's son is accused of, among other things, tax evasion and filing false tax returns.
Labour wants to bring in supervised toothbrushing in schools and restrict junk food adverts.
State media said the St Nikolas was taken in retaliation for the seizure of the vessel by the US last year.
The Labour leader made the return trip whilst attending the COP28 climate conference held in Dubai.
The foam was left behind after flood waters receded after a storm on the coast of New Hampshire.
See how presenting styles, technology and fashion have changed on BBC Weather over the decades.
BBC News finds key NHS targets have been missed for at least seven years - and two have never been met.
Beijing has made its position clear on Taiwan, but what do the country's citizens want?
The 2004 film's jokes and characters are updated for a modern audience, but critics are unconvinced.
The two Republicans clashed just days before the Iowa caucuses, the first votes being cast in the 2024 election.
Mozambicans learn to build stronger houses as climate change brings bigger and deadlier storms.
Kew scientists discovered nearly 100 new plants and fungi last year - but some may already be extinct.
How cutting-edge cancer genomics is now being used in mainstream cancer care.
Legendary head coach Bill Belichick confirms he will leave the New England Patriots, ending his 24-season tenure.
Police treat the note as a hate crime which has distressed people in the house where it was left.
The singer, who appeared in a withdrawn campaign for the brand, says it shows "double standards".
Cabinet Office minister Alex Burghart says he wants build up the government's in-house expertise instead.
Former England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson says he has "best case a year" to live after being diagnosed with cancer.
The first minister said the UK government's ban was announced without consulting the Scottish government.
The Federal Aviation Administration will examine the jet-maker's processes after last Friday's emergency.
Police declared a critical incident after the electric bus caught fire in Wimbledon.
Dozens of journalists were held at gunpoint when armed men broke into their workplace.
Convictions are lower when rape interviews and cross-examinations are pre-recorded, a study suggests.
The discarded scripts, used for two episodes filmed in England, were rescued from a bin in 1998.
An AI tool can identify prints from different fingers belonging to the same person.
A state of emergency is in force in the capital after rioting broke out when police went on strike.
It is hoped a new plant could quadruple supplies by 2050 but industry warned progress can be slow.
However, the pass rate for GCSE English resits went up from the rates in recent years.
Voters will go the polls on Thursday 15 February in Wellingborough, with Kingswood vote expected the same day.
The architect's last surviving original tearoom was restored five years ago but has struggled financially.
Both retailers beat expectations for the key festive period as overall food prices remain high.
Porn stars, parents and the public are invited to answer questions to help advise government.
Mark Ormrod's legs and other belongings stolen from his car are found in an alleyway.
Chris Christie vows to not "enable" Donald Trump - and is overheard mocking Nikki Haley and Ron DeSantis.
Long-awaited approval from US financial authorities means cryptocurrency fans have a new way to trade.
Two-year-old Ham had a stomach full of hairbands that were removed by a Dorset vet.
Former player turned whistleblower Azeem Rafiq says Colin Graves' expected return as Yorkshire chairman "empowers" racists.
Ireland coach Andy Farrell is appointed British and Irish Lions head coach for the 2025 tour of Australia.
Watch goals by a selection of current Premier League players heading to Afcon 23 in Ivory Coast which starts on Saturday 13 January.
Britain's Francesca Jones has to be helped to walk off court after retiring from Australian Open qualifying, while Emma Raducanu practises in Melbourne.
Ronnie O'Sullivan explains why he apologised to Barry Hawkins after beating him 6-3 to reach the semi-finals of the Masters.
Great Britain win gold in the men's team pursuit gold for the first time in nine years at the European Championships in the Netherlands.
Tottenham sign Romania defender Radu Dragusin from Genoa, with Djed Spence going the other way and joining the Italians on loan.
More than 4,000 people caught up in the Horizon scandal are trying to obtain remuneration for their suffering.
Gail Ward was falsely accused and convicted of stealing more than £12,000 from the Post Office.
Amanda and Norman Barber, convicted in the Post Office scandal, lost their home, business and family.
Alan Bates is said have refused an OBE while ex-Post Office boss Paula Vennells still held a CBE.
The party complains to regulator Ofcom about alleged bias in coverage of the Post Office IT scandal.
Figures across politics will be asked why exoneration for postmasters took so long, our political editor writes.
Troubled IT system still creates errors, but its replacement is behind schedule at a cost of millions.
Hundreds of sub-postmasters were wrongly convicted due to evidence from faulty IT software.
It may have underpaid more than £100m in tax while overpaying its senior executives, according to experts.
Kevin Hollinrake said that people "must be held to account" over the scandal.
War spreading in the Middle East is not just a risk - it has already happened, writes the BBC's international editor.
Nightingale was the station's first female presenter and stayed on air for more than 50 years.
The expenses are for a failed lawsuit the former president filed against the paper and its reporters.
The York group's chart success coincides with their 30th anniversary.
Its lawyers rebuff South Africa's accusations while defending actions in Gaza at the UN's top court.
After two days of legal argument, judges must now rule on whether Israel is committing genocide in Gaza.
Some of the coldest weather of the winter so far is set to move in with snow for some.
Scientists discover a huge, ring-shaped structure in space which questions our ideas of the universe.
Reed Wischhusen, who was obsessed with lone gunman attacks, planned to kill his former teachers.
Sian Hedges and Jack Benham killed 18-month-old Alfie Phillips in a caravan in a "frenzied attack".
The star says she's chosen "to not take off my clothes in a movie or be vulnerable in physical ways".
She was the first female presenter on BBC Radio 1 and the station's longest-serving DJ.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Giant, Steel and Nitro are getting ready to compete in the BBC's reboot of the classic show.
The former president believes his campaign gets a significant boost every time he is seen in court.
The actor revisited his grief after losing both his parents by starring in short film The After.
When Natashja Wilson noticed symptoms of pelvic organ prolapse she had no idea what was happening.
With high home prices and stagnant wages, young voters care more about the economy than Beijing's threats.
A selection of the best photos from the African continent and beyond.
Kannada-language protesters recently hit the headlines for tearing down English billboards in Bengaluru.
Life is returning to the streets of Guayaquil but the spectre of drug-gang violence remains.
The book, about a Parliamentary security breach, is chosen by Camilla for her book club.
She's betting the ex-president is more vulnerable than polls suggest. It’s still a very long shot.
Rishi Sunak announces the package, the largest since Russia's invasion, on a surprise trip to Kyiv.
The alcohol, stored in a basement in central London, is provided to government guests.
The auction house says the global interest in the scripts was "phenomenal".
Black Friday deals boosted shops and the economy, figures show, but the risk of recession remains.
Two sisters hid a camera in their grandmother's care home to find out why she was covered in bruises.
The city was built 2,500 years ago but may have been abandoned after a volcanic eruption.
Seven-time Masters champion Ronnie O'Sullivan criticises tournament venue Alexandra Palace, saying it is "disgusting" and makes him "feel ill".
Local councils are struggling to clear blockages and obstructions across the public footpath network.
A pilot scheme allowing journalists and bloggers into the courts in England and Wales is being extended.
The food delivery firm sent 79 million emails and a million texts during a seven-month campaign.
Will it be third time lucky for Mohamed Salah with Egypt, with several contenders for glory at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations?
From "truly disgraceful" to "correct decision", Luton's equaliser against fellow strugglers Burnley brought yet more VAR controversy.
Tottenham boss Ange Postecoglou says his side are "hanging in" the Premier League title race.
Watch as Mark Allen makes a "magical" maximum break of 147 against Mark Selby in the quarter-final match at the Masters.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland is likely to be out until the end of January, manager Pep Guardiola says.
Seven-time Masters champion Ronnie O'Sullivan should direct his complaints through the "correct channels and make his voice heard", says Shaun Murphy.
Northampton Saints qualify for the Champions Cup knockout stages after hammering Bayonne.
Everything we know about how and why the US and UK attacked targets in Yemen.
The UK government has drawn up scenarios suggesting further disruption could hit the economy.
Footage from UK and US authorities shows jets launch from Cyprus and a Red Sea carrier.
The PM will face questions about the aim of military action in Yemen, our political editor writes.
The Houthis in Yemen have vowed to attack all ships in the Red Sea bound for Israel.
Rishi Sunak says the action against the Iranian-backed group is "necessary and proportionate".
The then-PM was told IT system now at the centre of the Post Office scandal was "possibly unreliable".
The firm smeared postmasters in a failed bid to suppress evidence of their innocence, the BBC reveals.
Bob Child, who ran a post office in Melbourn, says he paid £600 of his own money to cover shortfall.
Richard Roll revealed to Panorama in 2015 how Fujitsu could secretly alter sub-postmasters' accounts.
Harjinder Butoy was falsely convicted of stealing £208,000 in 2007 and was jailed for 18 months.
Cled Jones made the payments after the Post Office insisted he owed them money.
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
National Insurance rates are falling, but other changes mean many people are paying more tax.
Cold weather payments are available to some people after seven days of below-zero temperatures.
Many homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
Joe Biden's comments followed a second US strike on the Houthis, who have attacked shipping in the Red Sea.
How William Lai manages Beijing, and how Beijing reacts to him, will determine his presidency.
The PM and the Labour leader agree on military action but it could be just the beginning of their problems.
The Kremlin labels the bestselling author, Boris Akunin, a foreign agent over his stance on Ukraine.
Ten people in a Rafah house sheltering displaced people were killed, the Hamas-run health ministry says.
The actress will reprise her role on the BBC One soap for a short stint this spring.
Tenants share experiences of living in mouldy homes as the government proposes a new law in memory of Awaab Ishak.
The King granted special permission for William Brown to be buried at a closed churchyard.
Hundreds of firefighters battled to put out the blaze at the Wildberries warehouse in St Petersburg.
BBC Scotland's political editor says the discovery of a tumour was devastating - but that he's been lucky.
Lloyd Austin is in "good condition" and has resumed some of his duties, the Pentagon says.
Organisers say the protest was part of a global day of action in 30 countries.
Oscar Bobb scores a stoppage-time winner at Newcastle as Manchester City move within two points of Liverpool at the top of the Premier League.
Sunday's papers continue their coverage of the Red Sea crisis and the ongoing conflict in Gaza.
The University Challenge host on how one question went viral and inspired the jungle music community.
France's youngest PM is already popular with the public but how long will the honeymoon period last?
The US plan sees diplomatic normalisation with Arab neighbours if Israel ends its offensive.
Like to party but can't stay up late? Vicky McClure and Jonny Owen can help dance the day away.
The first votes are cast on Monday in an election being watched not just in the US but around the world.
The issue - which divides the nation along age lines - has come to the fore after a new law passed.
Companies are clamouring to present their products as AI-powered, but are their claims justified?
Saturday's papers continue their coverage of the US and UK strikes on Houthi targets in Yemen.
It will redefine Taiwan's relationship with China and have implications for key allies like the US.
The former secretary of state sets his sights on helping Joe Biden's re-election campaign.
New Zealand's former PM marries TV presenter Clarke Gayford in a Hawke's Bay vineyard.
Some of the coldest weather of the winter so far is set to move in with snow for some.
The move has angered Beijing which reviles Mr Lai and his pro-sovereignty party.
The cottage near Inverness was housing a total of 15 dogs and was covered in faeces and rubbish.
The domestic flight in Japan landed safely after the crack appeared, the airline says.
Ronnie O'Sullivan will face Ali Carter when he attempts to claim a record-extending eighth Masters title on Sunday at Alexandra Palace.
The actor played Doug Williams in the US daytime TV soap for more than five decades.
A new biography of the King says he was picking mushrooms when he was told of his mother's death.
The Scottish actor hosts the American show as an over-the-top character with an eccentric accent.
The UK defence secretary says the world is "running out of patience" with attacks.
Papaipit Linse, 42, is remanded in custody, accused of killing seven-year-old Louis Linse.
Conservative MP Robert Buckland was speaking ahead of a major strike involving thousands of workers.
Northern Ireland is now the only UK jurisdiction with no active plans to ban the dog breed.
The expenses are for a failed lawsuit the former president filed against the paper and its reporters.
DragCon at ExCel London is described as a "world of colour" by LGBT & Identity Producer Josh Parry.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Kevin de Bruyne inspired Manchester City's thrilling win over Newcastle, but could this victory mean more than just another three points?
Hosts Ivory Coast open their 2023 Africa Cup of Nations campaign with a comfortable 2-0 win over Guinea-Bissau in Group A.
Erik ten Hag says Manchester United need "hungry" players who are willing to "fight for the badge" and the club.
Jodie Burrage leads British interest at the Australian Open when she makes her main-draw debut in Melbourne on the opening day.
Conor Chaplin's rocket header ensures Ipswich return to second in the Championship with victory over play-off chasing Sunderland.
The foreign secretary says the air strikes were necessary after Houthis attacks on ships in the Red Sea.
Police said the arrests were made in London, Liverpool and Brighton over a "disruptive and damaging stunt".
The new monarch blinks back tears as he greets the cheering crowds outside Christiansborg Castle.
The entire population of Grindavik has been evacuated as an expert warns of a "worst-case scenario" unfolding.
Niloufar Hamedi and Elaheh Mohammadi spent more than a year in prison on charges of colluding the US.
The presenter has been absent from TV screens since October, after leaving This Morning.
In the 2016 caucus, religious voters in the state stayed away from Donald Trump. They've since become a vital part of his base.
A small boat carrying dozens of people overturned just off the French coast south of Calais.
People gathered in Trafalgar Square carrying Israeli flags and pictures of those being held in Gaza.
A woman in her seventies and her son have been killed by an anti-tank missile attack on northern Israel.
A penguin with leucism from the Gentoo species has been filmed in the icy climate in early January.
Ronnie O'Sullivan fights back to claim a record-extending eighth Masters title with a thrilling 10-7 victory over Ali Carter at a raucous Alexandra Palace.
The foreign secretary says he was a "private citizen" while working for the collapsed finance firm.
Christopher Nolan's film got another boost in its awards campaign at last week's Golden Globes.
King Frederik becomes the new monarch of Denmark, following Queen Margarethe's abdication.
Thousands of Israelis gathered in Tel Aviv to mark 100 days since the start of the unprecedented war against Hamas.
Six ways the late megachurch pastor conned millions of people to believe in his purported cures.
In Fujitsu's home market, hardly anyone had heard of the Horizon scandal until this week.
The Scottish star's debut album sold three million copies worldwide. Following it up proved harder.
After a door plug blew off one of its planes, questions are being asked about how seriously Boeing undertakes safety.
The sensational case, which made global headlines, is said to have influenced Christie's first book.
Nordic monarchies are known to embrace modernity. Abdication was one of the few customs they resisted - until now.
As Republican candidates make their final pitches, Donald Trump is on the minds of both his supporters and opponents.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Prince Abdul Mateen waves at well-wishers from an open-top Rolls Royce as he weds Yang Mulia Anisha Rosnah.
Beijing accuses the US of violating its commitment to maintain only unofficial ties with Taiwan.
The last residents of Grindavik were evacuated around 03:00 GMT on Sunday morning.
BBC Scotland's political editor says the discovery of a tumour was devastating - but that he's been lucky.
Temperatures are set to plunge across large parts of the UK with snow and ice warnings issued.
Bolton supporter Iain Purslow dies after suffering a suspected cardiac arrest during their home game against Cheltenham.
Thousands of people attend the three-day festival which ends with the burning of a bear effigy.
Trials are being carried out to cover marks on platform walls caused by Elizabeth line passengers.
Police are called out to reports of three men inside the house in Northumberland.
The charity which helped track down the missing German Shepherd say his owners are "over the moon".
There's been a huge rise in the amount of money being stolen via recruitment scam text and WhatsApp messages.
Tenants share experiences of mouldy homes as ministers propose a new law in memory of Awaab Ishak.
Cold weather payments are available to some people after seven days of below-zero temperatures.
Sir Jim Ratcliffe got a first look at his £1.25bn investment as Manchester United drew 2-2 with Tottenham on Sunday. But what issues need to be addressed at Old Trafford?
Andy Murray is aiming for a quicker victory when he starts his Australian Open campaign against Argentina's Tomas Martin Etcheverry.
Mohamed Salah scores an injury-time penalty to salvage a draw for Egypt against Mozambique at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.
Racing 92 head coach Stuart Lancaster confirms his interest in signing Saracens and England fly-half Owen Farrell.
Sean Dyche says he is unaware if Everton are facing any charges regarding profit and sustainability rules relating to accounts submitted last month.
Match of the Day 2 pundits Ian Wright and Fara Williams explain why Kobbie Mainoo should be "given the keys" to Manchester United after the 18-year-old impressed again against Tottenham.
The vessel, Gibraltar Eagle, reported "no injuries or significant damage", according to the US military.
The militants say the two men were killed in air strikes on Gaza, an allegation denied by Israel.
More than 60 Tory MPs are supporting changes to the bill, which will be debated by MPs on Tuesday.
Freezing conditions are set to continue, with several weather and travel warnings issued across the UK.
Public authorities, including schools and councils, can request a free, framed photograph of the King.
It is the first time the hearings have taken place outside of London since it began in August 2022.
The Premier League charges Everton and Nottingham Forest with breaking their profit and sustainability rules.
Asda, Tesco and Sainsbury's follow Iceland in cutting the cost of formula after the manufacturer cut prices to retailers.
Shini Muthukrishnan joins the long-running children's programme as its 43rd presenter.
A firefighter in Utah rescues a dog who was trapped in a frozen lake after taking a swim.
Vittorio Sgarbi is accused of possessing and exhibiting a 17th Century painting.
Stars of Succession, Better Call Saul and The Bear are arriving for the 75th annual Emmy Awards.
A unit of young female soldiers warned of a big attack. They were among the first Hamas killed on 7 October.
Are your favourite shows and stars in the running for US TV's highest honours?
The Killing Eve star plays a mother navigating flooding and civil unrest with her newborn baby.
Climate change will worsen potholes but scientists hope new technology will help make them a thing of the past.
BBC Sport explains the Premier League's profit and sustainability rules and why charges have been brought against Everton and Nottingham Forest.
A possible knockout punch, a fight for second place and one candidate's last stand - Anthony Zurcher has the lowdown.
Daniela Relph expected Scandinavian coolness at King Frederik X's proclamation, but was surprised by familiarity.
Christopher Wheeldon, who has been jailed, was caught on a hidden nest monitoring camera.
A report criticises a series of failed investigations by Greater Manchester Police in Rochdale.
Fresh walkouts are planned for January and February as the dispute enters its third calendar year.
Two volcanic fissures opened in the ground near Grindavik on Sunday, but lava flows have now slowed.
The controversial Islamist group is accused of praising the Hamas attacks on Israel.
Damien Byrnes cut off the penis and testicles of a man who asked him to perform the surgery.
Narges Mohammadi is serving multiple sentences and has been in jail almost continuously since 2010.
The body of Caroline Glachan was discovered on a river bank in West Dunbartonshire 27 years ago.
The plane maker will allow independent assessments after a door plug fell from an Alaska Airlines flight.
Army chief Gen Valerii Zaluzhnyi said the air force had "destroyed" an A-50 radar detection aircraft.
Jamaican writer and academic Jason Allen-Paisant wins the UK's most prestigious award for poetry.
Criminals are demanding ransoms from desperate pet owners after reading social media missing appeals.
Argentina's Lionel Messi wins men's player of the year at the Fifa Best Awards, with Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola claiming the men's coach prize.
England manager Sarina Wiegman wins coach of the year and Mary Earps best goalkeeper as Aitana Bonmati is named the women's player of the year at the Fifa Best Awards.
The Atacama Desert is so dry and desolate, it is used to simulate the surface of Mars. To organise an ultramarathon there takes a unique approach.
Emma Raducanu is back after eight months out injured, but patience is likely to be required as she makes a "fresh start" in 2024.
Boxing novice Francis Ngannou said he will look to test Anthony Joshua's chin while the British heavyweight vows to take his opponent's soul as the pair come face to face in London.
After a chastening exit at the Australian Open, Andy Murray says he knows when he wants to retire - and that the time frame is narrowing.
Arctic winds and frost mean some areas could drop to -8C, with snow in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Cold weather payments are available to some people after seven days of below-zero temperatures.
Tips on what to carry in your car, and how to drive in snow and icy weather.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
As rail fares are set to go up in the spring, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
Special agents are now interviewing and issuing subpoenas to potential witnesses, the BBC understands.
Lee Anderson and Brendan Clarke-Smith step down to defy the government in a Commons vote.
Bosses including the global CEO of the firm behind the faulty Horizon IT system apologise to victims.
The spell of Arctic air, which has already forced schools to close, could bring freezing temperatures of -15C.
Under the deal, brokered by Qatar and France, new aid is to reach both Gaza civilians and Israeli hostages.
Yemen's Houthi rebels say they struck the vessel with missiles, but only minor damage is reported.
Birmingham City Council is struggling to cope with a huge debt of more than £2.9bn.
The country's foreign ministry has called the airstrike - which Iran says targeted militants - illegal.
Two men assaulted the milkman before taking his vehicle and crashing it into a wall.
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary told the BBC that it was asked to send engineers to oversee quality checks.
The star says her character in the Oscar-tipped film is "without shame about her body".
Ysgol Uwchradd Caergybi was closed last September because of crumbling concrete.
Iris Haim wants the world to know her son died a free person.
The BBC's Kirsten Campbell outlines what can be expected during three weeks of evidence held in Edinburgh.
A landslide victory shows it is still his Republican Party, while no clear rival emerged as a challenger.
Analysis shows the effect of the new election boundaries. Use our tool to look up your constituency.
How are police and child protection experts trying to prevent a repeat of the Rochdale abuse scandal?
Stars of Succession, Better Call Saul and Wednesday were all seen arriving for the ceremony in LA.
Dozens of houses have been left abandoned after the northern leg of the rail line was axed.
The Public Accounts Committee warns of an "extreme and long-lasting effect" on public services.
Old feuds and past rivalries re-emerge in public as ailing cinematic great's children fight for his legacy.
Researchers say it will speed up drug testing but animal rights campaigners have grave concerns.
The UK's Metropolitan Police issue mugshots of the Ahearne brothers following their sentencing.
Firm will stop inflation-linked mid contact increases, an industry practice criticised by regulator.
Medics issue the warning after cases in the West Midlands rose by more than 30% in less than a week.
Kristina Moore said she was "deeply disappointed" by losing her position.
The management slides described performance-related payments for staff as "too good to be true".
The rule change will see around two million more people eligible to register for a vote.
There are fears that a famine is looming in the drought-hit and war-scarred Ethiopian region.
The former sub-postmaster, famously portrayed in an ITV drama, says he is "frustrated to put it mildly".
Kim Jong Un rules out any chance of unification and scraps agencies focused on relations with the South.
Angola's public prosecutor accuses Ms Dos Santos, the former president's child, of 12 crimes.
Inflation and repairs have sent quotes soaring for younger motorists, according to data.
The firm's owner, Frasers Group, told the BBC trade-ins would be phased out in "the coming months".
Championship Bristol City upset 10-man West Ham to set up an FA Cup fourth-round tie against Blackpool or Nottingham Forest.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says he is unsure whether Louis Rees-Zammit will return to rugby after quitting the sport to pursue a career in American football.
Matheus Cunha scores an extra-time penalty to help Wolves beat Brentford and set up an FA Cup fourth-round tie with rivals West Bromwich Albion.
Premier League chief executive Richard Masters says a date has been set for the hearing into Manchester City's alleged breaches of financial rules but does not reveal when it is.
Former England footballer Eni Aluko says she has "genuinely been scared" after receiving online abuse.
World number 43 Alexei Popyrin believes he can "do some damage" when he faces Novak Djokovic in the Australian Open second round on Wednesday.
Watch highlights as Bristol City go through to the FA Cup fourth round after beating 10-man West Ham 1-0 at Ashton Gate.
Arctic winds and frost mean some areas could drop to -15C, with snow in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
This deer was captured prancing in the snow in a garden in Fenwick.
The UK Health Security Agency has issued an amber cold-health alert for the whole of England.
Members of the Aslef train drivers' union are taking more action in its long-running dispute over pay.
The legislation will now head to the House of Lords where it is expected to face stiff opposition.
The Princess of Wales will step back from royal duties for months and the King will attend hospital next week.
The IDF says the strike hit a “terrorist squad”, but witnesses tell the BBC the group posed no threat.
Thursday's strike will mean widespread disruption for health services, schools and public transport.
Which? has said the best value fares are either unavailable or hidden among myriad of options on many machines.
The threat came after the ex-president was overheard criticising his accuser's testimony in court.
The deaths of Bronson Battersby and his dad Kenneth prompt a "rapid review" by Lincolnshire Council.
Temperatures fell as low as -14C overnight, with amber and yellow warnings issued in parts of the UK.
César Suárez was shot dead in the port city of Guayaquil on Wednesday, the attorney general said.
Heather Mack helped to kill her mother and stuff her body in a suitcase in Bali a decade ago.
The hobbled Peregrine Moon lander will be forced to burn up in Earth's atmosphere.
But experts warns Wales would face a "significant" challenge raising enough tax revenue.
A Shotts Prison warden was left hallucinating and violent after inhaling drugs which were being taken by inmates.
As Rishi Sunak’s Rwanda plan passes a key vote, the BBC’s Peter Saull explains what happens next.
Intelligence agency GCHQ say pictures of Colossus a reminder of the UK ingenuity that helped defeat Hitler.
Footage shared exclusively with the BBC shows how false stories about a grooming gang grew more elaborate.
People are camping outside supermarkets in the US to try to buy the latest internet on-trend item.
Victims felt alone yet hundreds were enduring similar experiences. Here we look at some of their stories.
The singer says musicians are treated with suspicion if they discuss politics or literature.
In his book Frederik X discusses Denmark's place in world and his relationship with his wife.
The Ted Lasso star says a drama teacher once told her she'd never succeed because of her appearance.
The prime minister said five priorities should be used to hold his government to account.
Arthur, 11, was one of the first in the UK to try blinatumomab, for his type of blood cancer.
While false rape allegations are very rare, this video shows the extent of Williams' deceit over years.
US military says a Houthi drone hit the vessel after Washington re-designated group as "global terrorists".
The Rochdale MP revealed just days ago he had an untreatable form of leukaemia.
Islamabad says the attack killed two children - it follows Iranian strikes on targets in Syria and Iraq.
The energy company says prices will fall due to lower international wholesale prices.
Police officers posed as luxury watch owners, to lure suspected criminals into robbing them.
Members of the group are accused of promoting rituals involving psychoactive substances like toad venom.
The US secretary of state was due to return from the World Economic Forum in Davos when the issue occurred.
Ross Bennett was at the match as a fan but was drafted in when the fourth official picked up an injury.
The government begins process of setting up talks for possible compensation for sub-postmasters.
Two people deny fraudulent trading of 47,000 event tickets over more than two years.
The broadcaster will lease back the Albert Square set from its new owner, insurance giant Axa.
Despite a drop in fly-tipping on public land, farmers say they are being targeted by criminal gangs.
A new review of available evidence suggests video gamers regularly exceed safe sound limits.
It will be the first time in 44 years that Musicians Union members have taken full strike action.
Premier League side Nottingham Forest need extra-time to see off League One's Blackpool in a thrilling FA Cup third-round replay at Bloomfield Road.
Andre Gomes' fine free-kick helps Everton beat Crystal Palace in their FA Cup third-round replay to set up a tie against Luton Town.
Emma Raducanu is one of four Britons - alongside Katie Boulter, Cam Norrie, and Jack Draper - aiming for the Australian Open third round on Thursday.
Golden State Warriors assistant coach Dejan Milojevic dies at the age of 46 after suffering a heart attack, the NBA team confirms.
England head coach Steve Borthwick says he values the "blend of experience" in his Six Nations squad after naming seven uncapped players.
Watch highlights as Chris Wood's extra-time winner sees Nottingham Forest win 3-2 at Blackpool to advance to the FA Cup fourth round.
Courtney Dauwalter used to teach biology. Now her ultrarunning achievements are challenging centuries-old ideas about the differences in physical capabilities between men and women.
Arctic winds and frost meant temperatures dropped to -14C, with snow in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
They've usually got fur coats, but pets still need help to stay warm during wintry weather.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
This week has been the coldest snap of winter so far with parts of Scotland seeing up to 15cm of snow.
Cold weather payments are available to some people after seven days of below-zero temperatures.
A selection of your images from around Scotland as temperatures drop and snowfalls sweep in.
Tips on what to carry in your car, and how to drive in snow and icy weather.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but still remains above the 2% target.
The Israeli PM's rejection of Washington's efforts shows the growing disagreement between the two allies.
Plans to cut jobs in a move to greener steelmaking a "crushing blow" for Port Talbot, unions say.
It will assess whether there were "missed opportunities" to check on Bronson and Kenneth Battersby before their deaths.
BBC News links firm, which tax experts say should face a criminal investigation, to Michelle Mone's husband.
The visit comes as the Princess of Wales spends a second night at hospital in London.
With the largest measure off the menu, 7.6% less volume of wine was sold daily, researchers found.
England midfielder Jordan Henderson leaves Saudi club Al-Ettifaq after less than six months and joins Dutch club Ajax.
Peter Sewell made the comment ahead of a legal battle against Post Office branch manager Lee Castleton.
Lawmakers rushed through temporary funding to keep the government open ahead of a Friday deadline.
The arrest is part of an investigation into the alleged escape of Daniel Khalife from HMP Wandsworth.
Permission to treat sugar beet seeds with a pesticide that can harm bees is given by the government.
Barbie was the top grossing film of 2023 and received great reviews, but missed out on a best film nomination.
Teenage sensation Luke Littler beat Hong Kong's Man Lok Leung 6-3 on his highly anticipated World Series of Darts debut at the Bahrain Masters.
Ninety-one-year-old Betty Brown says she had to give up her business as she was caring for her ill husband.
Oppenheimer and Poor Things are the leading contenders for this year's British Academy Film Awards.
The Oscar-winning actor steps behind the camera to direct a drama set in an alternative London.
The NHS website's prostate enlargement page received more than 16,000 visits on Wednesday.
Emerald Fennell's film has received five Bafta Award nominations and become an internet sensation.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Christopher Harrisson was found guilty of murder 45 years after he killed his ex-wife, Dr Brenda Page.
The Balkan migrant route is growing in prominence and local smugglers take high risks for little money.
The science behind viral spectacles as North America is hit with severely cold temperatures.
Intelligence agency GCHQ say pictures of Colossus a reminder of the UK ingenuity that helped defeat Hitler.
They returned to vote in an election that China framed as a choice between war and peace.
Bus firms are now using artificial intelligence to design their timetables.
The remarks come as the US confirmed a fifth round of strikes on Iranian-backed Houthis in Yemen.
Footage obtained by BBC Korean shows two 16-year-old boys handcuffed and sentenced to hard labour.
The probe for alleged tax evasion came as the actor arrived in Munich on his way to an auction.
The ex-deputy PM hits back at "keyboard snipers" who claim she got it wrong in a Commons debate.
A critical federal report spanning nearly 600 pages focuses on the slow response to the school shooting.
Staff were told Sally was most likely widowed with the image reminding her of her mate.
The latest victim of TV's most devious plotters talks about their "fabulous" departure from the show.
Lord Cameron urged Iran's foreign minister to influence Houthis to stop attacks in vital trade route.
Two men have had their convictions posthumously quashed after almost 50 years of campaigning.
Emma Raducanu felt sick during her loss to Wang Yafan in the Australian Open second round but says her injury troubles have made her tougher.
England, Wales and Northern Ireland record their coldest night of this winter so far.
Avid snooker fan Margaret Cope says she is "amazed" by the surprise lesson from Mark Davis.
Eighteen have been put down in Siberia's UIan-Ude but hundreds are sent on trains to safety.
Which? has said the best value fares are either unavailable or hidden among myriad of options.
The infant's mother gave birth on Wednesday after an eight-and-a-half month pregnancy.
The ex-COO of Facebook is credited with turning the company into a profit powerhouse.
The Peregrine One spacecraft burns up in Earth's atmosphere after failing to reach the Moon.
A scale replica of the Crown Jewels and a fully-strung piano can be seen at the castle.
Officials say 14 Houthi missile sites were targeted in the latest round of pre-emptive strikes.
But experts warns Wales would face a "significant" challenge raising enough tax revenue.
Jordan Henderson will leave the Saudi Pro League with huge regrets and a damaged reputation, writes Phil McNulty.
Mohammed Kudus nets twice for Ghana but Egypt - who lost Mohamed Salah to injury - hit back to secure a 2-2 draw at the Africa Cup of Nations.
Ghana lead twice through Mohammed Kudus but are pegged back by Egypt to leave both nations still searching for a first win at Afcon 2023.
With seven of the starting XV from the World Cup semi-final unavailable, some never to return, this feels like the start of a new era for England - as it is for many of their rivals.
Steven Gerrard signs a two-year contract extension to stay as head coach of Saudi Pro League side Al-Ettifaq until 2027.
William Troost-Ekong's penalty gives Nigeria a crucial 1-0 win over 2023 Africa Cup of Nations hosts Ivory Coast in Group A.
Arctic winds and frost meant temperatures dropped to -14C, with snow in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
They've usually got fur coats, but pets still need help to stay warm during wintry weather.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
It becomes only the fifth country to soft-land on the Moon but power supply problems may hinder its mission.
A New Mexico grand jury has charged the actor anew over the on-set shooting death of Halyna Hutchins.
PDC World Darts Championship runner-up Luke Littler, 16, beats Michael van Gerwen to win the Bahrain Masters - his first senior title.
Police say the bodies of a 45-year-old man, 36-year-old woman and two girls were found inside.
Gadi Eisenkot condemns the prime minister, who insists Israel's offensive will go on until "complete victory".
Inspectors found "serious failings" at the home which is run by a Real Housewives of Cheshire star.
Tata says closing the blast furnaces will reduce "overall UK country emissions by about 1.5%".
Prince Harry withdraws his libel claim over a Mail on Sunday story about his security arrangements.
The baby, who is safe and well in hospital, was found wrapped in a towel in east London.
Théo Luhaka suffered severe injuries from a police baton in a case which triggered days of protests.
The government has stopped suspending claims flagged as suspicious by an AI fraud detection tool.
The parcel delivery firm says the mistake was a result of a system update, which has been disabled.
Charmian Abrahams's family say they are devastated she died "so suddenly and tragically".
The papers lead on a variety of stories, from polling on migration, to Tata steel job losses and measles.
Canada's prime minister has been criticised for failing to define his country's stance on the war.
A senior United Nations official tells the BBC that civilians may have no choice but to leave entirely.
People are encouraged to have the MMR jab, as cases of measles are on the increase.
The company's plans to shut its blast furnaces could cut Wales' carbon emissions by a fifth.
Police struggle as cash-in-transit heists increase and the murder rate hits a 20-year high.
Labour says on X that tax is going up for all flights except for private jets, but that's wrong.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
BBC Tech Editor Zoe Kleinman tried to challenge the output of a chatbot - but all was not as it seemed.
A selection of the best photos from the African continent and beyond.
Much of the UK is facing another cold snap amid rising fuel costs.
The PM has become an engaged international actor, showing his hawkish side in Ukraine and the Red Sea.
Two fans say the New York show started more than two hours late and did not end until after 01:00.
The PM is urged to take the health service "back to how it used to be" during visit to Winchester.
Paul Patterson told the Post Office inquiry Fujitsu wants to "get to the truth wherever it lays".
A senior police officer warns the conflict could push more people towards terrorism.
The Atlas Air Boeing plane makes an emergency landing in Miami, with no injuries reported.
Storm Isha will bring strong winds and rain from the weekend, with conditions also becoming less cold.
Cori Broadcast says she "started breaking down crying" after being told she had had a stroke at 24.
Ambassadors are expected to return to their posts in each other's countries, Pakistan's caretaker PM says.
People have forgotten how miserable it is to have measles, a top health official warns.
Waiting times for support including counselling have doubled since 2015, according to a major report.
Chris O'Shea, chief executive of Centrica, says he does not set his own pay but it is impossible to justify.
Laser weapons are seen as a potential low-cost alternative to missiles for shooting down drones.
Cameron Norrie is the last Briton standing in the Australian Open singles draw - and he will have to beat Casper Ruud for the first time to advance.
Huw Jones steals the show with two superb tries as Glasgow book their place in the last 16 of the Champions Cup with victory over Toulon.
Fabio Carvalho scores a deflected second-half goal as Hull City win at Sunderland to go sixth in the Championship.
Rachel Daly is on target as Aston Villa hold on to beat Leicester City in their first Women's Super League match after the winter break.
Jurgen Klopp says he was touched to hear of Sven-Goran Eriksson's love for Liverpool, and that the Swede is welcome to visit the club.
Watch highlights as defending champions Senegal beat Cameroon 3-1 to qualify for the knockout stages of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Watch former Manchester United forward Bebe score a 40-yard free-kick for Cape Verde against Mozambique at the Africa Cup of Nations.
Norfolk police says the call was made just over an hour before the bodies of four people were found.
The Israeli prime minister's comments come amid pressure on his government to accept Palestinian statehood.
Iran's president blames Israel for the strike in the Syrian capital which killed five senior advisers.
The firm has previously said it is not sustainable to continue delivering letters six days a week.
Iran wanted a message to be heard loud and clear - at home, and a long way beyond.
Polls suggest Humza Yousaf is yet to convince the Scottish public he's an effective leader - could that change?
Missiles and rockets were fired at the airbase by an Iranian-backed militia, the US military says.
Mike Jeffries claims the allegations fall outside statute of limitations, and are "meritless".
Video widely shared on social media appears to show one vessel reverse into the other.
After days of freezing temperatures, forecasters warn that the latest UK storm poses a risk to life.
Russia's state rail company apologises after its conductor dumped the feline in freezing temperatures.
Germans are angered by reports that AfD figures joined a meeting that discussed mass deportations.
Norfolk Police has referred itself to the independent watchdog due to "previous contact" prior to the death.
A variety of stories feature, with HS2, the Post Office scandal and the Royal Family all making headlines.
Extreme sportsman Niall McCann talks frankly about life after crashing into a mountain at 50mph.
Fantasia Barrino and Danielle Brooks take on roles previously played by Whoopi Goldberg and Oprah Winfrey.
A vase stolen from Geneva was carried around London in a JD Sports bag as the gang looked to sell it on.
The PM got a win when his Rwanda bill cleared the Commons, but disquiet is still growing among his MPs.
Palestinians in Gaza scramble to survive Israeli attacks and secure basics as they fear a return to Hamas rule, too.
The women started off petrified but ended up like goddesses, the photographer says.
Daren Frankish says his cluster headaches are like being hit with a baseball bat and stabbed in the eye.
Leah Senior was seen falling from the van in Wakefield on Wednesday night, police said.
Ariel, an 11-week-old spaniel, was found abandoned outside a branch of B&M in September.
Former First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says copies of her messages were handed to the inquiry last year.
The shadow foreign secretary was addressing a conference in London when protesters stormed the stage.
A large building collapses in minutes after a large fire broke out, the fire service says
The Ethiopian Orthodox Christian celebration took place despite violent outbursts in Amhara region.
Natasha Jonas retains her IBF welterweight title with a close split-decision win over Mikaela Mayer at Liverpool's M&S Bank Arena.
Saracens produce a spirited fightback to reach the Investec Champions Cup last 16 with a bonus-point win over Lyon at StoneX Stadium.
Brentford's Ivan Toney says "I'm back" after his goalscoring return in a 3-2 win over Nottingham Forest - but should his goal have been disallowed?
Great Britain's women and men both earn wins which secure their places at the Paris 2024 Olympics.
Bukayo Saka says the hurt Arsenal felt when they were knocked out of the FA Cup will spur them on to fight for the Premier League title.
Match of the Day's Alan Shearer and Ashley Williams explain how Ivan Toney's return to the Brentford team was "integral" to the Bees' 3-2 win over Nottingham Forest.
Norfolk Police investigating the deaths of four people in Costessey, say two adults died from stab wounds.
The Florida governor ends his bid for the Republican nomination and endorses Donald Trump ahead of New Hampshire vote.
The grim milestone comes as Israel presses its war in Gaza and rejects calls for a Palestinian state.
Muhammad Hassam Ali is named as the boy stabbed to death in Birmingham city centre on Saturday.
A spokesperson says a cancerous mole was found while the duchess was having reconstructive surgery.
Ukraine rejects accusations from the region's Moscow-installed leader that it was responsible.
It is thought thousands of customers were left without their orders due to technical problems.
Travel Photographer of the Year awards recognise incredible pictures from around the planet.
Further tests are being carried out into the cause of death, Norfolk Police say.
It is the only solution to end conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, says the defence secretary.
At least 25 weather-related deaths have been reported in Tennessee, with another 16 in Oregon.
The cold weather in the US has caused natural ice sculptures to form in Grand Haven, Michigan.
Monday's front pages carry the news of the Duchess of York's cancer diagnosis and anticipate the impact of Storm Isha.
Relatives of men killed in Medellin after meeting local women for dates are now searching for answers.
A working father finds himself "sofa surfing" amid social housing shortages in Scotland's biggest city.
Forced video apologies have become increasingly common since Russia's war in Ukraine began.
The women started off petrified but ended up like goddesses, the photographer says.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino calls for an automatic forfeit of games for teams whose fans commit racist abuse.
Liverpool go five points clear at the top of the Premier League table by cruising to a 4-0 victory over Bournemouth on the south coast.
The businessman said Michelle Mone had given a "car-crash" interview on her part in a PPE deal.
The company sends stool samples to the University of Cambridge for microbiome analysis.
An official in Kyiv tells the BBC the "special operation" is an economic blow to Russia.
Scotland's first minister is "very willing" to work with Sir Keir Starmer if Labour win the general election.
The teenager was taken to hospital after being stabbed in Birmingham on Saturday but later died.
Video shared by Placer County shows a road completely blocked by boulders, that are then blasted into small pieces.
The girls were kidnapped from their home in Abuja, along with another sister who was later killed.
The new temple in Ayodhya has stirred up memories for the community caught up in 1992's violence.
Missiles and rockets were fired at the airbase by an Iranian-backed militia, the US military says.
MOTD2 pundit and ex-Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy says the Reds showed against Bournemouth that they can fill the void left by Mohamed Salah and Trent Alexander-Arnold.
Holders Celtic power into last 16 in sodden conditions as Buckie Thistle's Scottish Cup adventure ends in Glasgow.
What happened in the game's final 10 chaotic minutes & does David Moyes deserve the grief he gets from some of his own fans?
Ronnie O'Sullivan comes back from 4-0 down to beat Judd Trump 10-7 in the World Grand Prix final.
Match of the Day 2's Shay Given analyses how Diogo Jota "stepped up" for Liverpool against Bournemouth, with Reds' talisman Mo Salah away on international duty.
The second joint operation between the US and UK targets underground storage and missiles, they say.
A watchdog is investigating videos of online speeches urging students to join an "apocalyptic war".
Two men die in separate motoring incidents in Scotland and Northern Ireland during the storm.
A coroner said there is no evidence Christopher Kapessa's death was "racially motivated".
Eli Albag says his daughter Liri may still be in captivity in Gaza because Hamas did "something wrong" to her.
The world's most popular YouTuber had previously said he would not bother posting videos on the site.
The actress shares a recipe for a "snow salt chococinno" - but not everyone is excited to try it.
Residents say Israeli forces have surrounded a hospital amid fierce fighting in the south Gaza city.
A university accidentally printed the answers on one of their exams and is making students resit.
Kigali must improve its asylum procedures before parliament ratifies the treaty, House of Lords says.
The 15m-long "narco-sub" is the first to be detected this year in Colombian waters, its navy says.
A versatile storyteller, Norman Jewison tackled issues such as racism and civil rights.
Aditya Verma sent a Snapchat message in July 2022 saying he was about to "blow up" a plane.
A range of stories in Tuesday's papers - including a woman's death who went to Turkey for weight loss.
But her battle with Mr Trump in New Hampshire on Tuesday may not turn out exactly as she hoped.
The government wants to guarantee annual oil and gas licensing rounds to "improve energy security".
All of Us Strangers explores the comfort of having imagined conversations with relatives no longer with us.
Ukraine aims to build a million military drones in 2024. In Kherson, the BBC saw how vital they are.
Experts say hundreds of thousands of unspent munitions lie on the seabed around Britain.
People are encouraged to have the MMR jab, as cases of measles are on the increase.
The fourth instalment of The Expendables is nominated in seven out of nine Razzies categories.
Domestic gas and electricity bills are expected to drop sharply just as the better weather arrives.
Parents have been warned they may be unable to access 15 hours per week free childcare due to IT issues and delays.
The rituals were led by PM Narendra Modi, while opposition leaders and some Hindu seers stayed away.
More than three million children under 16 are at risk of becoming ill, NHS England says.
The veteran composer, who was 96, provided some of Britain's best loved TV themes and film music.
The commandos were part of an operation to seize Iranian-made missile parts bound for Yemen.
A giraffe is being moved 2,000km south from Ciudad Juárez in northern Mexico to more temperate climes.
Prof Gregor Smith has told the UK Covid Inquiry he erased messages "frequently" during the pandemic.
The drivers' union will not go ahead with a fresh run of walkouts that were due to begin next month.
Steven Harper is believed to have fallen from a cliff in Italy while attempting to pedal to India
Teachers tell Panorama that some buildings in urgent need of repair are "not fit for purpose”.
Staff at Lincolnshire Wildlife Park are hoping to "dilute" the swearing.
Some UK airports will not have all the technology in place by 1 June to do away with carry-on limits.
The Slim spacecraft was switched off after failing to generate power - but the Sun may now revive it.
Some owners use methods that distress and confuse their dogs, the Royal Veterinary College warns.
Fashion giant removes an advert for school uniforms and says it is "deeply sorry" for offence caused.
Royal Mail wants to drop Saturday deliveries but the prime minister says they are "important".
A ransom was paid to free the six girls who were kidnapped earlier this month, an uncle tells the BBC.
The surprising success of Palword causes server crashes and exposes "serious bugs" in the game.
The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists says women are being wrongly prosecuted.
It becomes the first nation in the world to roll out a universal anti-malaria jab for infants.
The "glacial" compensation process for Windrush victims is bogged down in bureaucracy, Martin Forde KC says.
The X owner's visit follows criticism of the platform for not doing enough to fight antisemitism.
Volunteers transformed pensioner Pat's Swindon home after she got ill from the extent of the mould.
A spokesman says a cancerous mole was found while the duchess was having reconstructive surgery.
The US regulator says the 737-900ER fleet uses the same door design as the grounded 737 Max 9s.
It is part of a series of changes unveiled by the government following a review of the BBC.
Rescue efforts are under way in sub-zero temperatures in the remote province of Yunnan.
Brighton and Wolves cancel each other out in a goalless Premier League affair at Amex Stadium.
Substitute Jeremy Sarmiento returns Ipswich to the automatic promotion spots with a last-minute equaliser against Championship leaders Leicester.
French side Racing 92 say England and Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell will join them on a two-year deal from 1 July.
Mohamed Salah's injury is "worse than first feared" and he will return from the Africa Cup of Nations for 'intensive' treatment at Liverpool.
British Paralympic champion Tully Kearney makes a formal complaint to World Para Swimming over what she describes as an "insulting" classification process.
Every winter, a cross-country skating race is organised in the Netherlands. For the past 27 winters it hasn't happened. But a nation holds out hope.
Mostafa Mohamed scores for Egypt in the third-minute of added time to send the Pharaohs into the knockout stages of the Africa Cup of Nations.
Near misses, huge waves and more are captured on camera following strong gusts in the UK and the Isle of Man.
Several UK planes are redirected to French and German airports due to Storm Isha.
BBC Weather's Carol Kirkwood looks at what we can expect in the aftermath from strong winds overnight.
The UK's latest storm has brought the strongest winds in 10 to 20 years.
Passengers ended up hundreds of miles away and sometimes in different countries than intended.
About 13,000 households remain without power due to Storm Isha, as Storm Jocelyn is due to hit.
The fire service says a number of cars became stuck in deep water in North Yorkshire.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
The interest paid on savings is better than anything seen for years, so how can you save when bills are rising?
Sir Simon Clarke warns the Tories will be "massacred" in the general election if led by Rishi Sunak.
A court hears Grace O'Malley-Kumar fought with Valdo Calocane after he stabbed Barnaby Webber.
Police confirm the identities of all four people who were found deceased at a property near Norwich.
A new nuclear arms race, the Ukraine war and climate change were all factors considered, say scientists.
Trains in Scotland are suspended, as the storm arrives in the UK.
The director and star of Barbie were snubbed in major categories at the Oscar nominations on Tuesday.
The man told a public inquiry he started a Johannesburg building fire that killed 77 people last August.
Fighting is reported around hospitals in the city, where Israel believes Hamas leaders are hiding.
Robert Daily told an inquiry into the Post Office scandal that he did not accept personal responsibility.
The 14-year-old was found dead at her family home in Harrow in March 2021.
EDF says final costs could soar by about a third as it faces a delayed completion date.
The owner of Woolworth Germany says bringing the brand back to the UK is on his "bucket list".
The current season has brought the most Met Office named storms since records began in 2015/16.
Valdo Calocane faces the families of three people he stabbed to death in court.
Find out all the nominees for this year's Academy Awards, which were revealed on Tuesday.
Kenneth Smith, the first US man facing execution by nitrogen gas, says waiting on death row is like torture.
Voters in New Hampshire backing the former president say the economy is the key issue driving their support.
Kim Jong Un's recent military actions and a significant departure in ideology has worried watchers.
The United Arab Emirates has paid for the killing of its political enemies in Yemen, whistleblowers say.
A group of Russian women are making rare public demands for reservists to return from the front line.
Renowned photographer Rankin talks about his latest charity campaign, beauty and making the King laugh.
The Houthis in Yemen have vowed to attack all ships in the Red Sea that are linked to Israel.
The 10th named storm of the season lands in the UK just days after Isha brings heavy rain and strong winds.
Russell Cook, nicknamed "Hardest Geezer", says the mission is in doubt over Algerian visa issues.
Three films are expected to dominate the Oscars after the nominations were announced for the 96th Academy awards.
The prime minister says the Iran-backed group poses an "immediate threat" to merchant shipping.
The birds would be "taken off air" if viewers could hear what they were saying, says the park CEO.
Urgent measures are needed now to stop further spread, the World Health Organization says.
The Oscar-winning actor will take the part of the man whose daughter died in the 1988 disaster.
The German producer was behind a string of hits including Daddy Cool, Rasputin and Rivers of Babylon.
The 23-year-old is charged with grand theft for stuffing 65 quenchers from a store into her car boot.
Organisers of the Manchester festival say the line-up is the "invitation everyone's been waiting for".
Prof Jason Leitch told then-health secretary to keep a drink in his hand to remain exempt from mask rules.
Better awareness and more NHS support are needed, the former prime minister says.
The video game regulator had drafted rules which would have limited the time and money spent gaming.
Monday was the deadliest day for Israel since the start of its ground operation.
The online retail giant was found to be keeping detailed data on employee working patterns.
Customers were enjoying their breakfast when the vehicle ploughed into the local coffee shop.
Premier Foods, which also owns the Bisto and Loyd Grossman brands, plans price cuts to more products.
Two rival cartels are fighting for territory in southern Chiapas state, displacing entire communities.
Mauricio Pochettino says he is "desperate" to win his first trophy in English football after leading Chelsea to the EFL Cup final.
Hearts turn Tynecastle from "toxic" to triumphant as they come from two goals down to beat Dundee in a Scottish Premiership thriller and move eight points clear in third.
Chelsea reach the EFL Cup final as they blow away second-tier Middlesbrough in the second leg at Stamford Bridge to seal a 6-2 aggregate victory.
Spinner Shoaib Bashir returns to the UK in order to sort the visa delay which is preventing him from joining the England squad in India.
Watch highlights as Cameroon reach the last 16 at the African Cup of Nations with a dramatic 3-2 win over The Gambia.
Algeria crash out of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations as Mauritania claim a famous first win at the finals to snatch a last-16 spot.
One of Zheng Qinwen, Dayana Yastremska, Linda Noskova or Anna Kalinskaya will be a Grand Slam finalist this weekend - BBC Sport looks at the contenders.
Volodymyr Zelensky accuses Russia after a deadly plane crash claimed the lives of Ukrainian PoWs.
Warfare can come in the form of battle or information control, and Russia has a history of brazen lies.
Treasures taken 150 years ago will go back, the BBC can reveal, in a possible model for other disputes.
The deaths of two girls and a woman at the house are being treated as murder, police say.
In an exclusive interview with the BBC, Ian Coates's family brand Valdo Calocane a "coward".
The US Embassy describes Prof Michelle Francl's suggested tea recipe as an "unthinkable notion".
The chart-topping star becomes the first artist to score seven nominations in a single year.
Researchers say children who gained weight in the pandemic could develop diseases later in life.
General Sir Patrick Sanders points to threat of Russia as he warns of UK's lack of readiness for war.
Raymond Grant told the inquiry he still thought the branch manager he investigated had stolen money.
The Supreme Court's decision has paved the way for the first-ever execution by nitrogen gas in the US
MPs are told the proposals are "completely idiotic" and could fuel antisemitism.
Shepherd was jailed for manslaughter after Charlotte Brown was thrown from a speedboat on the Thames.
Tuesday's Oscar nominations infuriated some film fans, but many awards experts were less surprised.
The father and son on getting to grips with a degenerative eye condition.
The grime artist says his debut film is the backstory of a "hitman who works for the secret service".
A beauty queen has once again re-ignited a debate on what it means to be Japanese.
A challenge from ultra-nationalist Buddhist monks is piling pressure on the loathed coup leader.
A fertility breakthrough offers hope for saving the northern white rhino from extinction.
One of the UK's richest people admitted his role in a scheme which "netted millions".
A UN agency says tank fire hit a college in Khan Younis, but Israel rules out a strike by its forces.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex appear at event in Jamaica remembering the life of the reggae star.
The Saudi government plans a store in Riyadh for foreign diplomats - ending decades of prohibition.
But Sir Simon Clarke tells the BBC some other Tory MPs privately agree Rishi Sunak should be removed.
A High Court judge rules there is a "low degree of similarity" between the two cider products.
The devastated parents of Grace O'Malley-Kumar say knife crime needs to be urgently examined.
Parents are taking their children out of schools with dangerous concrete, a head teachers’ union says.
Rab Thomson, from Clackmannanshire, is the fifth person in Scotland to have their conviction overturned.
Videos under the hashtag #ultimateworldcruise have over 353 million views - but what's life like on board?
Liverpool "can never take these things for granted" as they see off Fulham to set up a Carabao Cup final with Chelsea, says manager Jurgen Klopp.
Philippe Clement wants "to see more and more" from his Rangers side after they eased to within five points of Scottish Premiership leaders Celtic with a fifth straight victory over Hibernian.
England's record in India is better than most, but merely staying competitive will be a fine achievement, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Defending champion Aryna Sabalenka is out for "revenge" when she takes on American teenager Coco Gauff for a place in the Australian Open final.
Chelsea are through to the quarter-finals of the Women's Champions League as group winners after grinding out a victory over Real Madrid at Stamford Bridge.
"It didn't feel huge," said Jayant Mistry of playing wheelchair tennis at the 2002 Australian Open. But bringing the sport into the Grand Slam spotlight for the first time changed everything.
Watch highlights as Morocco beat Zambia 1-0 to finish top of group F and reach the Africa Cup of Nations last 16.
Tim Scott and Vivek Ramaswamy stumped for Donald Trump and raised speculation about their future ambitions.
The former president forges a clear path to the 2024 presidential nomination, writes Anthony Zurcher.
Thanks to a campaign for voters to write his name on the ballot, the president easily brushes aside a longshot challenger in Democratic vote.
Voters in New Hampshire backing the former president say the economy is the key issue driving their support.
Trying to understand it for the first time or need a refresher? This guide can help.
If he returns to the White House by winning the 2024 election, here is what he has said he wants to do.
Records also show managers planned to pay only a "token" sum as part of "mediation" to deal with victims.
The mother of one of Valdo Calocane's victims says "true justice has not been served".
Video released by police shows Valdo Calocane's movements and arrest in the Nottingham attacks.
Talks aimed at extending a rolled-over EU-era deal broke down over Britain's ban on hormone-treated meat.
The lawyers and the judge spent more time arguing about the scope of the former president's testimony.
The first vehicle to achieve powered flight on another planet suffers rotor damage three years into tour.
Bartlomiej Kuczynski was taken to hospital by police the day he was reported missing, it is revealed.
Intelligence officer says he cannot exclude possibility, but adds that Russia has provided no proof.
Constance Marten and her partner Mark Gordon are on trial for the manslaughter of their newborn baby.
Jennifer Crumbley is the first US parent to face a manslaughter trial for such an attack by their child.
The English dancer, 25, died from anaphylactic shock after consuming a mislabelled cookie from a US grocery chain.
Footage shows a military plane flying over a motorway in Turkey after it experienced a technical issue.
Campaigners say "unfounded" claims had been made about a product pitched on the series.
Friday's newspapers reflect on fury from the families of the three victims fatally stabbed in Nottingham.
Aimee Bannister continues to wear wigs after getting the all-clear, but receives abusive messages.
A senior general stops short of backing conscription - but wants the UK to prepare for wider European war.
The national day causes pain to Indigenous people - will new approaches future-proof it?
An Alabama death row inmate is expected to become the first person executed with the deadly gas.
A measure routinely highlighted does not include major types of crimes that affect women more than men.
As the NHS enters 2024 and a difficult winter period, find out what's happening in your area.
The former first minister described a speech by Mr Johnson as "excruciating" in expletive-laden text messages.
The BBC gets special permission to report on a family court, where it is heard Elsa is in care.
The White Lotus star said the Spiderman actor received a seven-figure first bonus for Avengers.
A judge ruled that Aditya Verma's message, from 2022, about "blowing up" a plane was not a real threat.
iPhone users in the EU will soon be able to download apps from places other than the App Store.
The script was left by Harrison Ford in a flat he rented in Notting Hill, west London.
Igor Girkin escaped justice for downing flight MH17 but goes to jail after criticising Russia's leader.
Senior doctors in England reject the proposed deal, as the BMA union says it "doesn't go far enough".
The former political rivals team up to argue NHS data could give the UK an advantage in a new "industrial revolution".
The UK's largest lender says it is making the cuts due to more people banking online.
Rosamund Adoo-Kissi-Debrah's daughter Ella died after she was exposed to "excessive" pollution.
Kathleen Crane's "unsafe" conviction was based on faulty evidence, the Court of Appeal rules.
Premier League Bournemouth become the first team to reach the fifth round of the FA Cup as they hammer Swansea 5-0.
Opener Ben Duckett says England are in a "strong position" in the first Test against India despite the hosts' powerful finish to the opening day.
History-chasing Novak Djokovic faces the sternest test of his Australian Open title defence against Italian fourth seed Jannik Sinner in Friday's semi-final.
British Olympic Association chief executive Andy Anson says Great Britain's athletes are doing "incredibly well" as they attempt to qualify for "a truly memorable" Paris 2024.
As Kalvin Phillips prepares to join West Ham on loan, BBC Sport looks at what went wrong for the England midfielder in his 18 months at Manchester City.
Bournemouth stun Swansea with a ruthless first-half performance as they score five unanswered goals to take complete control of their FA Cup fourth round tie.
Aryna Sabalenka remains on track to defend her Australian Open crown after beating Coco Gauff and will meet China's Zheng Qinwen in Saturday's final.
Vessel hit 60 nautical miles off the coast of Yemen in the latest reported attack by movement.
The demands, if implemented, would drastically change the nature of Israel's Gaza campaign.
Viewers found out in Friday's final whether the traitors or the faithful had won the £95,000 prize.
Warning - spoilers ahead! Will the faithful weed out all the traitors - or will deception win the day?
BBC obtains unredacted minutes showing government knew of plan to sack experts who found Horizon IT bugs.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he is "convinced" leaving the club at the end of this season is "right" and has "no regrets" about his decision.
Explicit images of the popstar were spread millions of times on social media before being removed.
The King is recovering after having treatment on an enlarged prostate at a London hospital.
The Duchess of York, Sarah Ferguson, revealed she had malignant melanoma this week.
US pauses funding to UNRWA after Israel accuses 12 workers of being part of 7 October outrage.
Schoolgirl Mia Janin's last voice note is released to the BBC as an inquest into her death concludes.
UK relatives have read victim impact statements to two men who conspired to kill their loved ones in 2002.
Saturday's papers lead with Charles' hospital treatment and Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool departure.
A pause in talks could mean tougher trading terms for the UK - but what will the impact be on consumers?
Hopefuls and staff lift the lid on what it was like backstage at the hugely successful show.
After two back-to-back named storms in the UK in just one week does that spell the end for the disruptive weather this season?
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Hermit crabs all over the world are using our discarded plastic and other waste in place of their natural shells.
The actor initially turned down the role, saying it was too risky. What changed his mind?
The number of executions is rising globally, but many countries have banned capital punishment.
Aimee Bannister continues to wear wigs after getting the all-clear, but receives abusive messages.
The French capital will hold the summer Olympic Games for the third time.
Despite the flagging economy, demand is strong for helicopters and new models are being launched.
A spokesperson for Baroness Mone said it was "deplorable" private matters were being conducted in public.
Constance Marten and Mark Gordon are accused of the manslaughter of their baby daughter Victoria.
But it stops short of ordering Israel to halt the war in Gaza, in a controversial case at The Hague.
The 100 contributors, ranked by the Sunday Times, were judged to have paid £5.35bn in tax last year.
Baby Elsa, who was discovered by a dog walker in sub-zero temperatures, is now in foster care.
The investigation comes after the UAE-backed bidder made last minute changes.
The examiners will walk out in February over the government's 'flawed' plan to clear a test backlog.
Vince McMahon says the legal case, brought by a female ex-employee, is "replete with lies".
A safeguarding report highlights a catalogue of missed opportunities before Alfie Steele's death.
Greenfinches, sparrows and starlings have declined the most but other species including goldfinches are thriving.
The news comes hot on the heels of the box office success of another Mattel character, Barbie.
The British woman suffered anaphylactic shock after eating a mislabelled cookie from a US store.
Customers tell the BBC of "worrying" fees added to their monthly bills without their consent.
Talks aimed at extending an EU-era deal broke down over Britain's ban on hormone-treated meat.
The convicted sex offender uploaded footage without his ex-partner's consent.
The untested method was approved after lethal injection drugs became more difficult to obtain.
A quarter of infant deaths in Scotland last year involved parents bedsharing with babies, the BBC learns.
Valdo Calocane assaulted two colleagues just weeks before he killed three people in Nottingham.
The move is designed to help stop teenagers receiving inappropriate pictures, even in encrypted chats
The defendant is accused of committed the "crime of illegally obtaining intelligence for overseas actors".
The Loop will be offering a drop-in drug testing service which has been licensed by the Home Office.
The Competition and Markets Authority will judge whether the deal would harm the UK telecoms market.
A group representing northern businesses wants a property revaluation before the next election.
Novak Djokovic loses at the Australian Open for the first time since 2018 as Jannik Sinner sets up a final against Daniil Medvedev in Melbourne.
The Portrait of Fraulein Lieser' - last seen in public in 1925 - has been discovered in Vienna.
Nathan Ake scores a late winner to send holders Manchester City into the fifth round of the FA Cup at the expense of Tottenham Hotspur.
Aryna Sabalenka and Zheng Qinwen are bidding for their own slice of Australian Open history in the women's final on Saturday.
Two days into the Test series in India, England have been shown exactly what kind of juggernaut they are up against, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Watch highlights as Nathan Ake scores a late winner for Manchester City as they beat Tottenham 1-0 in the fourth round of the FA Cup.
Teenager Luke Littler and Luke Humphries both win to set up a repeat of the World Championship final in the quarter-finals of the Dutch Masters.
Chelsea and Aston Villa will contest a fourth-round replay after both sides cancelled each other out in the FA Cup at Stamford Bridge.
Nine countries pause funding for UNRWA over allegations its staff were involved in the 7 October attacks.
The government says the decision was made with mutual consent - but the Post Office says he was asked to go.
Nearby properties are evacuated as authorities warn people to avoid the area.
The 20-deck Icon of the Seas' maiden voyage comes amid concerns about the vessel's methane emissions.
Three-time world champion Michael van Gerwen beats teenager Luke Littler 8-6 to win the Dutch Darts Masters.
Contestants from the BBC reality TV series speak out after it reached its dramatic conclusion.
Laura Kuenssberg takes a snapshot of what voters in key seats think about the state of politics.
Campaigners say the programme featured "unfounded" health claims about the wellness product.
As much as 10% of the group's workforce could go in the next five years, according to reports.
The Iran-backed group says it targeted the Marlin Luanda in response to "American-British aggression".
The date marks the anniversary of the liberation of the concentration camp at Auschwitz in 1945.
Barcelona manager Xavi says "the club needs a change of dynamic" and will step down at the end of the season.
The Jawa figure, a "holy grail" for Star Wars collectors, attracts global interest at auction.
Sunday's front pages lead with a number of stories, including Rwandans being granted asylum in the UK.
Adi Misra was told his pregnant mum was in hospital - he only found out the truth eight years later.
An $83m bill is a message to Mr Trump to stop defaming his rape accuser, experts say. But will it work?
Dermatologists say products with ingredients potentially harmful to children are growing popular.
Megan McClay, 30, says nearing the end of her life has changed her perspective of what is important.
Thousands of people in Georgia have found out they were stolen from their parents at birth and sold.
There's a chasm between what Gaza needs and what it's receiving, writes Quentin Sommerville.
Virgil van Dijk says Jurgen Klopp's decision to step down as Liverpool manager at the end of the season is a "tough one" to take.
The singer, who is set to release her first single in five years, opens up about her break from music.
Survivors of the famous child rescue mission share their stories on Holocaust Memorial Day.
The world's biggest wildlife citizen science project is back, here is a selection of your photos.
A number of new shows are coming, but there are warnings that UK theatre is "in a dreadful state".
A pause in talks could mean tougher trading terms for the UK - but what will the impact be on consumers?
Explicit images of the popstar were spread millions of times on social media before being removed.
Scientists also detect dozens of rarely seen newborn stars, or protostars, during Milky Way study.
Rory Bidwell Rory has joined the ranks of Mensa but says he would prefer a career in football.
Maidstone manager George Elokobi says the shock FA Cup away victory over Championship side Ipswich Town will bind his team "for life".
The King, who went into hospital on Friday morning, is said to be "doing well" after the procedure.
Farnborough Airport has submitted plans to move from a cap of 50,000 to 70,000 flights per year.
Warning - spoilers ahead! Will the faithful weed out all the traitors - or will deception win the day?
The grandparents of Alfie Steele have thanked all those who tried to help the murdered youngster.
The 46-year-old boarded a flight last November from Denmark to the US without a ticket, passport or visa.
He said in a statement that he had made the decision to resign "out of respect for the WWE Universe".
Gruesome killings and rising violence prompt hundreds to join protests in cities across the country.
The Irish Sea border will not go, but the government is offering measures to tackle its effects.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Daniil Medvedev hopes his Grand Slam experience will prove decisive when he plays first-time finalist Jannik Sinner in the Australian Open final.
Watch highlights as National League South side Maidstone United pull off a huge FA Cup shock to knock Championship high-flyers Ipswich Town out of the fourth round at Portman Road.
Watch highlights as Newcastle book their place in the fifth round of the FA Cup after a laboured 2-0 victory over Fulham at Craven Cottage.
Defending champions Chelsea extend their lead at the top of the Women's Super League with a comfortable victory at Brighton.
England can "dream the dream" after Ollie Pope's masterclass gives them hope of winning the first Test against India, according to Joe Root.
Newcastle book their place in the fifth round of the FA Cup with a laboured victory over Fulham at Craven Cottage.
President Biden said the attack was carried out by "radical Iran-backed militant groups".
Rishi Sunak announces the plan saying "we must act" to tackle a rise in vaping among children.
Business Secretary Kemi Badenoch says Henry Staunton's sacking is about more than the Horizon scandal.
A 44-year-old man and a boy, 15, have been arrested after an attack in Bristol, say police.
The 16th Century painting by Leonardo da Vinci sits behind protective glass at the Louvre in Paris.
"He is so down to earth, he sang in Urdu, what can be bigger than that?" say Pakistani band Aur.
An unseasonal 19.6C is recorded at Kinlochewe, according to provisional figures from the Met Office.
Wolves beat West Brom 2-0 at The Hawthorns to reach the fifth round of the FA Cup, after the match is suspended for over half an hour because of crowd trouble.
Police arrived at the eastern Thai beach resort of Pattaya, where they found the 33-year-old's body.
The Ministry of Defence says this is the third such incident involving HMS Diamond.
Experts say there has been a "huge" rise in people defending their trade mark bids in recent years.
The Japanese macaque was filmed helping himself from a bird feeder in Kincraig.
The former culture secretary was paid severance pay despite being too old to qualify.
Butter chicken - a curry popular around the world - is now in the middle of a court battle in India.
UNRWA is a lifeline in Gaza, but several countries have paused aid over claims staff helped attack Israel.
Alleged victims say predators have gone unpunished for decades in Christian church known as The Truth.
A teacher took football's authorities to court so Newport could play teams like Manchester United.
The firm is facing criticism for continuing production and recruiting new sales agents in Russia.
A standoff between a hip-hop act and law enforcement is fuelling a debate over art and censorship.
For The Zone of Interest, hidden crews filmed fictional family life in a house next to the Nazi death camp.
Ofcom has proposed Royal Mail could cut the days it delivers letters to three as part of reforms.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The 2015 film was popular with fans and a box office hit but was critically panned.
The 20-deck Icon of the Seas' maiden voyage comes amid concerns about the vessel's methane emissions.
There were several concerns about the management of a building before the fire, a councillor says.
All Friday journeys on trains and the Tube will be priced at the off-peak rate from March.
A skier hoping to carve on every peak in Wales has bagged one of the country's rarest slopes.
The singer is being treated in Switzerland after cancelling a number of concerts.
Campaigners say the programme featured "unfounded" health claims about the wellness product.
Toy and games sales fell last year as family finances were stretched but one group is bucking the trend.
The astonishing victory over India in Hyderabad shows why you cannot take your eyes off the England Test team, says Stephan Shemilt.
Newport fall short of pulling off another shock against Manchester United - but are "proud" of an occasion to savour.
Manchester United survive an FA Cup fourth-round scare at Newport County before finally seeing off the League Two side's brave attempt at a giant-killing.
Arsenal's record goalscorer Vivianne Miedema says she "feels like herself again" after scoring her first goal since rupturing her anterior cruciate ligament in December, 2022.
The Kansas City Chiefs will play in the Super Bowl for a fourth time in five years after beating the Baltimore Ravens 17-10 in the NFL's Conference Championships.
DR Congo beat Egypt 8-7 on penalties after a 1-1 draw to set up a quarter-final against Guinea at the Africa Cup of Nations.
The US has blamed Iranian-backed groups and says the attack carried the "footprints" of Hezbollah.
Failure to act decisively risks sending a message of weakness - act too forcefully and things could escalate.
Discounts during the January sales and a cheaper cup of tea helped slow the rate of price rises.
George Freeman says he could not afford the repayments, despite a salary of £118,300.
The woman in her 20s is in a serious but stable condition after being bitten on the leg.
Manchester United say forward Marcus Rashford "has taken responsibility for his actions" after reports he was seen in nightspots in Northern Ireland.
The BBC speaks to young people, a parent and a vape shop owner about the proposed disposable vape ban.
The consumer group says phone and broadband providers should abandon "grossly unfair" plans to raise prices this spring.
A new report warns the music industry is still a "boys' club" where sexual harassment and abuse is common.
Ms Marten and Mr Gordon are accused of the manslaughter of Victoria, whose body was found in a shed.
The actor-turned-politician was sued by two men after he called them paedophiles in a social media row.
Contaminated injections of growth hormone may have caused five rare cases of dementia, scientists think.
A range of stories on Tuesday's papers - many include photos of royals as he left hospital.
A teenager was among the first to die in 2024 trying to cross in a small boat - the BBC investigates why.
The reawakened craft has begun detailed analysis of the lunar surface including nearby rocks
A YouTuber may have captured the first pictures of the early hours of a baby great white shark's life.
Three US troops were killed in a drone attack on a US base near Jordan's border with Syria.
Vaping is far safer than smoking but the government wants to stop the sale of vapes to children
Radio 1's three-day festival will host some of pop music's biggest names in Luton this May.
Mothers and midwives tell BBC of serious concerns about maternity services at Gloucestershire Hospitals NHS Trust.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The King has left hospital after prostate treatment, with the Princess of Wales home after abdominal surgery.
Timberlake told her to have an abortion as he "didn't want to be a father", Spears's memoir alleges.
The PM says fasting at the beginning of the week means he can "indulge" in sugary treats at other times.
Hundreds of thousands of farmers take to the streets to protest against falling incomes and rising red tape.
Daniel Fairbrother says officers joked with him once they realised he was not a thief.
Welsh fans cry foul after the presenter's comment about a striker playing in the "farmers' league".
Among the bottles missing from La Tour d'Argent's cellar in Paris is one of the world's most expensive wines.
Officers tell the mother she does not face arrest after a baby's body is found in a pub near Leeds.
Blackburn recover from an early scare against League Two Wrexham to comfortably win and set up an FA Cup fifth-round tie with Newcastle.
A four-year ban is handed to teenage Russian figure skater Kamila Valieva following an appeal against an earlier decision to clear her of doping.
Africa Cup of Nations hosts Ivory Coast beat holders Senegal on penalties to reach the quarter-finals of the 2023 tournament.
Liverpool could face the "end of an era" this summer if stars Virgil van Dijk and Mohamed Salah follow manager Jurgen Klopp out of the club.
Watch highlights as hosts Ivory Coast eliminate reigning champions Senegal in a penalty shootout following a 1-1 draw in their round of 16 match at Afcon 2023.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on Argylle director Matthew Vaughn for the midweek Premier League predictions.
Members of the Aslef train drivers' union are taking more action in its long-running dispute.
Satellite data reveals at least 144,000 hit since Israeli strikes began, and how south is now bearing the brunt.
A framework reportedly sets out a six-week pause in the fighting to allow more hostages to be freed.
Officers viewed footage showing woman’s groin without valid reason, but avoided misconduct hearings.
Julia Wandelt tells the BBC about her motives and remorse after claiming to be the missing girl.
The corporation was ordered to release documents relating to Bashir's interview with Princess Diana.
Chemists can now prescribe antibiotics and other treatments without patients having to see a doctor.
Rachel Reeves told the BBC that Labour would not reinstate the bonus cap that was scrapped last year.
The president did not elaborate, but added: "I don't think we need a wider war in the Middle East."
Energy firms are being urged to tackle errors after the BBC is told of payments for wildly inaccurate bills.
New laws banning the American XL bully breed take effect from 1 February in England and Wales.
Details of a deal set to end a 23-month absence of devolved government are due to be published.
Three-time Grand Slam champion Andy Murray says he "won't quit" tennis despite being in a "terrible moment".
The comic says it is time for "new faces" after hosting the BBC charity telethon for almost 40 years.
A range of stories on Wednesday's papers including analysis of the situation in Stormont.
Half a million households are now affected by either the two-child limit, the benefit cap or both.
This January was the driest in history with a survey suggesting one in five drinkers gave up alcohol.
Mollie Pearce opens up about life in the castle with a stoma bag called Sid and limb difference.
The British photographer famous for shooting celebrated album covers and portraits has died aged 75.
Members of the Aslef train drivers' union are taking more action in its long-running dispute.
George Freeman's constituents show little sympathy for the MP, who earned £118,300 as a minister.
The legal drama, starring the future Duchess of Sussex, enjoyed a huge surge in popularity last year.
More than 100 users say new software is causing Fitbits to malfunction or stop working altogether.
The firm will cut 4% of its workforce, mainly from its engineering arm, as fewer people use satellites.
A ghostly shipwreck has appeared on the sandy beach of Cape Ray in Newfoundland, Canada.
The ex-deputy first minister says he will apologise "unreservedly" if he "misunderstood" messaging policy.
Two men have gone on trial accused of murdering Run-DMC's Jam Master Jay more than two decades ago.
A state of emergency is declared after a truck crash releases sulfonic acid into the Rio Seco.
The Queen Mary's Dolls' House Library includes copies of various books which are less than two inches tall.
The woman was bitten on the leg by a suspected bull shark, in a rare incident for inner Sydney.
Four people died when a boat piloted by Ibrahima Bah got into difficulty in the Channel in 2022.
The woman has received medical care and is being given ongoing support, police say.
The star of Killers of the Flower Moon could become the first Native American to win best actress.
Net migration of 6.1 million people is projected to help fuel a 10% rise in the UK population.
A report warns the music industry is a "boys' club" where sexual harassment and abuse is common.
Arsenal's scenes of celebration at the final whistle at the City Ground show sharp contrast to their last visit to Nottingham Forest, writes Phil McNulty.
Luton score twice inside the opening three minutes and Elijah Adebayo claims a hat-trick in a remarkable win over Brighton which lifts the Hatters out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Fly-half Marcus Smith is ruled out of England's Six Nations opener against Italy in Rome on Saturday with a calf injury.
Fabian Schar scores twice as Newcastle end a run of four straight Premier League defeats with a tenacious victory over Aston Villa.
Chelsea midfielder Jelena Cankovic says players want to give boss Emma Hayes "the send-off she deserves" by winning the Women's Champions League in her final season with the club.
Everton drop into the Premier League relegation zone despite holding on for a hard-fought goalless draw at Fulham.
Achraf Hakimi misses from the penalty spot as South Africa shock 10-man Morocco to set up a quarter-final against Cape Verde at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.
Five people have been taken to a major trauma centre, the London Ambulance Service says.
Non-existent court hearings, disappearing documents - BBC uncovers the man at the heart of a legal scam.
Anthony Snook, 44, is charged with the murders of teenagers Mason Rist and Max Dixon in Bristol.
Bosses from five of the largest social media firms were grilled about how they are protecting children.
Bushra Bibi, who married Khan in 2018, is given a 14 year prison sentence for corruption.
The Barbie star had a sunny view of the movie's nominations, except when it came to Greta Gerwig.
The former first minister admitted deleting her WhatsApps but denied presiding over a culture of secrecy.
More funding is needed to avoid a "severe impact" on services and more councils going bust, a report says.
The chancellor says he wants to "lighten the tax burden" but this has to be done in a "responsible" way.
People who dealt with the bodies of 7 October victims describe seeing "systematic genital mutilation".
Fans are shown swear words and racial slurs in dozens of songs even when explicit content is blocked.
Many Russians say they can't imagine anyone in charge of Russia but incumbent Vladimir Putin.
The White House says the US will respond to the attack "in a time and in a manner of our choosing".
Many of Thursday's papers have images of ex-Scottish First Minister during her Covid Inquiry evidence.
Footage from Avdiivka, a town on Ukraine's front line, shows the pain of leaving home as it is bombed.
The marathon evidence session was a reminder of Nicola Sturgeon's key role during the pandemic.
BBC News NI's economics editor John Campbell picks out some highlights from the 76-page agreement.
Some 19,000 children have been orphaned by the war, or have no adults to look after them, says the UN.
Julia Wandelt tells the BBC about her motives and remorse after claiming to be the missing girl.
Jasmine Hoole was one of the millions who gave up drinking for a month.
Some economists expect hints about possible rate cuts later this year.
The government says police will be supported in enforcing the new laws taking effect on 1 February.
NHS England says it wants to test 30,000 Jewish people over the next two years for faulty BRCA genes.
When the Sesame Street puppet asked how people were, thousands of social media users offloaded on him.
Pharmacies in England are able to supply antibiotics and advice without patients seeing a doctor.
Disney had claimed the governor orchestrated a campaign of "government retaliation".
The comedian and actor has denied allegations of rape and sexual assault between 2006 and 2013.
The comic says it is time for "new faces" after hosting the BBC charity telethon for almost 40 years.
Officers say they found a "live" device outside the building in Stockholm, without giving further details.
A British rapper laying down a track for a Japanese beat 'em up? It makes more sense than you think.
Russia says each side got 195 soldiers back, Ukraine says 207 of its military and civilians were returned.
Memorabilia from Peter Kay's popular sitcom attracted huge interest at auction.
A report finds failings at Edenfield mental health unit after BBC Panorama exposed patient mistreatment.
Conor Bradley's display for Liverpool against Chelsea was "special" - has it given Jurgen Klopp a selection headache?
Julian Alvarez scores two first-half goals on his 24th birthday as Manchester City enjoy a comfortable Premier League victory over struggling Burnley.
World Cup runners-up New Zealand confirm they will face Ireland and England as part of their autumn tour to the northern hemisphere in 2024.
Tottenham Hotspur move back into the Premier League top four after coming from behind in a thrilling and at times chaotic home victory over Brentford.
One man convinced parents to let their daughters surf. Now they are challenging and changing social stereotypes in rural Ghana.
Match of the Day pundit Ian Wright describes Liverpool's Conor Bradley as an "unbelievable find" after the 20-year-old's man-of-the-match performance in the 4-1 Premier League win over Chelsea.
Members of the Aslef train drivers' union are taking more action in its long-running dispute.
A new image of Abdul Ezedi shows him with facial injuries, as it is revealed he was granted asylum in 2021 or 2022.
The strikes in Syria and Iraq will take place over a number of days, American officials tell CBS News.
BBC Verify analysis shows how Houthi tactics have changed, as commercial shipping traffic in the Red Sea halves.
A £1,000 payment will be offered to thousands joining the early-years sector in England.
Bank of England governor says AI has "great potential" as Lords report urges UK to embrace AI.
The company's shares surge as it reports a jump in users, ad sales and profits, despite Washington concerns.
Lewis Hamilton will leave Mercedes at the end of the 2024 season and join Ferrari on a multi-year deal in 2025.
Water companies in England and Wales expect an increase of 6%, with an 8.8% rise in Scotland.
River flowing past the white 'Bake Off' tent is among those polluted by chemicals and tyre particles.
Two boys, aged 15 and 16, are charged with murder, and two men are charged with assisting an offender.
Post Office campaigner Alan Bates had told a minister the scheme needed a "boot up the backside".
The number of people beating the disease was rising five times faster in the 2000s.
Joshua Schulte, 35, was convicted in 2022 for the largest data breach in the history of the CIA.
Georgie Cooper says: "It was amazing to feel the air in my lungs after my transplant."
Friday's papers have the latest on the search for a man accused of throwing a substance over a family.
The timeline on how an executive will be formed with a Sinn Féin first minister for the first time.
How hot is too hot to work? The BBC visits Cambodia's sweltering brick kilns to find out.
The party's leadership is sending mixed messages on what was once their flagship election policy.
With global temperatures rising and heatwaves becoming more intense, could naming them help awareness?
Current postmasters tell the BBC of their daily struggles to keep their branches running.
Jamie Webster is playing a 40,000-capacity gig in Liverpool this summer and is aiming for number one.
The dogs must be on a lead and muzzled in public, but can be walked without either on private land.
It comes after a licensing rights row between the platform and the artists' record label, Universal.
Farmers from across the EU are demanding fewer regulations as European leaders meet.
"I should have told the president about my cancer diagnosis," says US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin.
The agreement came earlier than expected, overcoming previous opposition from Hungary's Viktor Orban.
The Scottish secretary also claimed Nicola Sturgeon could "cry from one eye" in his evidence to the UK Covid Inquiry.
The Swedish climate activist spoke outside a court in London, after being arrested during an environmental protest in October.
A search involving drones has come to an end as Honshu the cheeky monkey is safely recaptured.
Lead singer Josh Franceschi says their final tour will be a chance to "celebrate" with fans.
The Barbie star had a sunny view of the movie's nominations, except when it came to Greta Gerwig.
Residents face a raft of restrictions on water use as the Spanish region faces its worst drought on record.
Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has written to the speaker following the passage of legislation at Westminster.
The justice minister is to stand down at the next election, saying he has had enough of threats to his safety.
A single dose of gene therapy was enough to stop the painful swelling attacks caused by angiodema.
Three-year-old Ethan had to be saved after crawling into a toy machine in Brisbane, Australia.
The sportswear giant cut ties with Kanye West in 2022 after he made a series of antisemitic comments.
Kobbie Mainoo scores a sensational 97th-minute winner as Manchester United beat Wolverhampton Wanderers in a seven-goal thriller at Molineux
James Ward-Prowse's second-half penalty spares Kalvin Phillips' blushes and rescues a Premier League point for West Ham against Bournemouth at London Stadium.
Michael Smith beats Gerwyn Price to win the opening night of the 2024 Premier League Darts in Cardiff.
Fulham are on the verge of signing Chelsea striker Armando Broja on loan for the remainder of the season.
England are buoyant after their stunning win in the first Test in India, but success can bring its own dangers, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Former Manchester United and England midfielder Jesse Lingard is seriously considering an offer from South Korean club FC Seoul.
Experts give advice for those who might be worried about their monthly mortgage payments.
Scarlett Jenkinson had a "deep desire to kill" and Eddie Ratcliffe was partly driven by his transphobia.
Police issue new images of Abdul Shokoor Ezedi as a nationwide manhunt continues.
The TV host was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2020 after the disease had spread from his lungs.
The boss of Jaguar Land Rover hits out at what he says is inaccurate reporting about the Range Rover.
But Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis says conflict of interest claims are in "bad faith".
Tech firms will have to hand over personal data of children whose death may be related to online harm.
For the first time, the role of first minister in the executive will be held by an Irish nationalist.
The British Antarctic Survey hope the new technology will change what we know about global warming.
Universities UK says students must have confidence that the system is 'fair, transparent and robust'.
Forecasters predict the "largest storm of the season" just days after another storm walloped the state.
Carl Weathers, former NFL player turned Hollywood actor who starred in the Rocky movies, dies aged 76
Ireland begin their Six Nations title defence in momentous fashion with a rare bonus-point away win over 14-man France in Marseille.
Saturday's papers feature the faces of Brianna Ghey's killers, as their identities have been revealed for the first time.
Richard Scolyer hopes the life-saving melanoma research he pioneered could treat his brain tumour.
The winning images of this year's International Garden Photographer of the Year competition.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Libraries are transforming what they offer, but will that be enough to save them?
River flowing past the famous white 'Bake Off' tent is among those polluted by chemicals and tyre particles.
Three episodes of the TV series have been combined to create the plot of the stage adaptation.
The 35-year-old convicted sex offender is believed to live in Newcastle and had been granted asylum.
Chinese social media cheers intensifying standoff between Texas and the White House over illegal migrants.
In Ukraine, six-year-old Nika now attends classes in a subway station to avoid Russian bombardment.
Cheap, highly insulating and sustainable, straw has a lot of potential for the building industry.
Farmers like Yves Coppé are concerned about the future of farming and the government's policies.
More than 800 officials in the US and Europe have penned a letter calling for more pressure on Israel.
Stars and politicians gathered to mourn Kate Garraway's husband at a private ceremony in London.
Greta Thunberg was arrested at a protest in October, with the judge ruling the law was unclear.
Marco Raduano had been on the run for a year before he was tracked down in Corsica, France.
BBC Weather Watchers have been sending in their captivating sunrise photos.
The Queen "adores" Strictly and meets Johannes, but does not watch Love Island, it is revealed.
Tyson Fury's undisputed heavyweight title fight against Oleksandr Usyk is postponed after the Briton sustains a cut in training.
A hot tub is seen being hoisted away from the complex at the army veteran's former home.
Lawyers representing sub-postmasters say their physical and mental health was damaged by the Horizon IT scandal.
The users of a sauna boat came to the rescue of two people who crashed into a fjord in Oslo.
Gunmen stormed the palace of traditional ruler Segun Aremu amid concern about a wave of abductions.
University of Central Lancashire scientists used computer simulations to model how planets form.
Inquiries are under way to identify the man and notify his family, the Met Police say.
Bristol Light Festival has begun and will bring everything from penguins to astronauts to the city.
Alice Wood, 24, "used her car as a weapon" on Ryan Watson after the pair rowed at a party.
Proposed legislation would give police greater powers to prosecute dog owners for attacks on farm animals.
America's favourite groundhog - and meteorologist - predicted an early spring at this year's ceremony.
Joey's condition was so bad he could not eat or drink anything before the fizzy drink treatment.
Northern Ireland's assembly will meet on Saturday, two years after power-sharing collapsed in 2022.
A £1,000 payment will be offered to thousands joining the early-years sector in England.
President Emmanuel Macron condemns as "cowardly" Thursday's Russian drone attack in southern Ukraine.
England are favourites to extend their perfect record against the Azzurri in Rome, but captain Jamie George wants a performance fitting of the travelling "white wall" of English fans.
Spinner Shaoib Bashir says the two wickets he took on his England debut will be more memorable because of his problems getting into India.
Yoane Wissa scores a penalty as DR Congo come from behind to beat Guinea 3-1 in the quarter-finals at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.
Leeds United move up to second in the Championship as they continue their fine form with victory at Bristol City.
Watch highlights as Ireland record their biggest ever away win in France, beating the 14-man home side 38-17, to begin the defence of their Six Nations crown.
Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff describes Lewis Hamilton's decision to join Ferrari in 2025 as a "surprise" but says it could provide the opportunity to "do something bold".
Sheffield United sack Jonathan Morgan as head coach of the women's team after his position became "no longer tenable".
Scarlett Jenkinson was moved after drugging a younger pupil with a cannabis sweet, BBC News finds.
Scarlett Jenkinson and Eddie Ratcliffe murdered the 16-year-old schoolgirl in a park in Cheshire.
Scarlett Jenkinson and Eddie Ratcliffe stabbed Brianna to death in a park in Cheshire in 2023.
The pair who killed Brianna Ghey in broad daylight arrogantly thought they were too clever to be caught.
Brianna Ghey and her murderers were seen on camera multiple times the day she was killed.
Mrs Justice Yip passes sentence to Scarlett Jenkinson and Eddie Ratcliffe for the teenager's murder.
Bank of England interest rates affect the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but still remains above the 2% target.
Members of the Aslef train drivers' union are taking more action in its long-running dispute.
All children of working parents in England will get 30 hours of funded childcare by September 2025.
The Pentagon has struck Iran-linked targets in Syria and Iraq in response to a drone attack on a US base.
Russian prisoners released to fight in Ukraine are no longer offered a presidential pardon and face stricter conditions.
Grindavik now lies empty, its people have fled, after molten lava seeped into the town.
No wonder voters are unconvinced when politicians may seem unclear on economic plans, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Dua Lipa, Billie Eilish and SZA are up for prizes, while Joni Mitchell will make her Grammys debut.
The Sinn Féin vice-president hails "a new dawn" as a power-sharing government returns in NI.
Police are hunting Abdul Shokoor Ezedi over a corrosive-substance attack on a woman and her daughters.
Kitty Harrison felt "proper doom" while precariously perched on a ledge on a notorious mountain.
More than two hundred residents have been reported missing in the coastal tourist city of Viña del Mar.
The incident happened at a bus station in the St Giles Road area of Elgin on Friday night.
The presenter, 79, says she suffered a serious asthma attack but is now "dancing fit" again.
Ivory Coast produce another amazing Africa Cup of Nations escape act as Oumar Diakite's 122nd-minute winner sends the 10-man hosts into the semi-finals.
Sunday's papers include an interview with Lord Cameron, as fresh air strikes hit Houthi targets in Yemen.
Ex-Northern Ireland correspondent Fergal Keane returns to Belfast, 40 years after reporting on the Troubles, to reflect on a changed city.
The pair who killed Brianna Ghey in broad daylight arrogantly thought they were too clever to be caught.
BBC's Paul Adams asks whether US strikes on Iraq and Syria made a regional conflagration more likely.
Richard Scolyer hopes the life-saving melanoma research he pioneered could treat his brain tumour.
Foreign policy experts said the approach may be calculated to avoid escalating a conflict with Iran.
The road near Nantwich is riddled with potholes but the council says it will repair them.
An exhibition opens that explores the human spirit of hope and resilience during times of captivity.
Learning the lessons of the Covid pandemic throws a spotlight on how Scotland makes decisions in a crisis.
The BBC's analysis editor explains the Iran-backed militia groups at the centre of US strikes.
In South Carolina, many are frustrated with the president. Some say they won't vote - others are backing Trump.
The wreck appeared on the shores of a small town in Newfoundland, capturing residents' imagination.
The producer discusses his time on the BBC sci-fi series and his raucous new theatre comedy about giving birth.
Saturday's papers feature the faces of Brianna Ghey's killers, as their identities have been revealed for the first time.
The Houthis represent only around 15% of Yemenis, yet consider themselves the rightful rulers.
William Brown took his own life in jail at the age of 16 despite never having been convicted of a crime.
Kirsty Wright is one of 266 volunteer firefighters in Scotland who juggle the role with their day job.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
The Georgia district attorney acknowledged a relationship with Nathan Wade but denies conflict of interest claims.
One suspect is arrested following the attack at Gare de Lyon, which wounded three people.
Office worker Matt Jones says he wanted to show his sons that anything is possible.
Scotland resist a stunning Wales comeback to hang on for a first victory in Cardiff in 22 years in a Six Nations spectacular.
Toyin Odumala, who was left outside flats in London in 2001 when she was a baby, starts a petition.
A court voids Khan's marriage with a faith healer, in the latest case against the Pakistani ex-PM.
Pro-Palestinian marches have become a regular feature since the October attack on Israel by Hamas.
Barry Rossiter, 23, from Ashford, is accused of causing serious injury by driving a vehicle dangerously.
The British Antarctic Survey hope the new technology will change what we know about global warming.
The TV host was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2020 after the disease had spread from his lungs.
The device did not have any deadly warhead, and is "basically a gas tank for rocket fuel", police say.
The auction of Jordan's shoes from six NBA finals has set a new world record for game-worn trainers.
The legendary explorer's Polar Medal has been valued at roughly £1.76m.
Audio deepfakes are easy to make, hard to detect, and getting more convincing, experts say.
Carl Weathers, former NFL player turned Hollywood actor who starred in the Rocky movies, dies aged 76
Thousands of cohabiting parents whose partners have died have days left to apply for bereavement support.
The federal trial was set to begin on 4 March, but is delayed as Donald Trump appeals the charges.
Vittorio Sgarbi is accused of stealing the 17th-Century painting and altering it to conceal its provenance.
Scotland went from total domination to total capitulation against Wales but emerged with a Six Nations win, writes Tom English.
Warren Gatland says Wales' first-half performance in the Six Nations defeat by Scotland was one of the worst 40 minutes of his 30-year coaching career.
Zak Crawley says India will be wary of another England fightback despite the hosts taking a firm grip after two days of the second Test in Visakhapatnam.
Tyson Fury's undisputed heavyweight title fight against Oleksandr Usyk is rescheduled for 18 May.
Steve Borthwick bloods five new players in England's victory over Italy, which he says is the start of "brilliant England careers".
MOTD2 pundit Jermaine Jenas says there are plenty of positives for Tottenham at the moment despite their disappointing draw at Everton on Saturday.
Watch highlights as Scotland survive a stunning comeback from Wales to hang on for a nail-biting first victory in Cardiff for 22 years in the Six Nations.
Esther Martin's daughter told the BBC how neighbours helped "fight off" the dogs with spades.
A witness who came to the rescue of an assaulted three-year-old tells the BBC she rushed her to hospital.
President Joe Biden says he will order new action "as appropriate", following Friday's air strikes in Iraq and Syria.
Russian oil is refined in other countries and sold into the UK as jet fuel and diesel, research claims.
Kylie Minogue wins her second ever Grammy Award, for Padam Padam, ahead of the main ceremony.
Tributes are being paid to Keagan Kirkby, who was riding when his horse ran into the side of a jump.
A 17-year-old boy is due before magistrates over the deaths of Mason Rist and Max Dixon.
BBC political editor Chris Mason looks ahead to Rishi Sunak's trip to Belfast as Northern Ireland's executive returns.
President Boric announced a state of emergency as forest fires scorched the Valparaíso region.
The vote was called by mayor Anne Hidalgo, who says SUVs are dangerous and bad for the environment.
The rules, which took effect this month, come as officials move to support the crisis-hit property industry.
A yellow weather warning has come into force for parts of the country and will last until 21:00 on Monday.
The MetLife Stadium in New Jersey will host the 2026 World Cup final on 19 July, while the Azteca Stadium in Mexico City will stage the opening group game on 11 June.
Monday's papers report on the death of a 68-year-old woman after a dog attack in Essex.
See the most eye-catching images and outfits as stars attend the music industry's biggest party.
The former Pakistan PM's party believes new tactics can help it win elections despite a crackdown.
The world's richest man is betting heavily on his brain chip, but he has ground to make up.
Adele Johnston was 33 when she developed painful symptoms such as heart palpitations and itchy skin.
Abdul Shokoor Ezedi was last seen leaving Tower Hill Underground station on Wednesday, police say.
Ex-Northern Ireland correspondent Fergal Keane returns to Belfast, 40 years after reporting on the Troubles, to reflect on a changed city.
The 35-year-old convicted sex offender is believed to live in Newcastle and had been granted asylum.
Esther Ghey tells the BBC she wants the mother of Scarlett Jenkinson to know she does not blame her.
But the education secretary does not confirm the scheme will be ready for all eligible parents.
She will return to Good Morning Britain next week following the death of her husband, Derek Draper.
Gillian Anderson is seen as Emily Maitlis and Rufus Sewell as Andrew in the first official photos.
Barry John, the legendary former Cardiff, Wales and British and Irish Lions fly-half, dies aged 79.
Health boards in Wales are asked to target pupils in every school to boost immunisation levels.
Council officials want to see the infamous ford permanently closed on safety grounds.
The Pentagon has struck Iran-linked targets in Syria and Iraq in response to a drone attack on a US base.
Letters written by Reggie Kray while serving a life sentence will go under the hammer in Tetbury.
England need 332 more runs to beat India in the second Test in Visakhapatnam, with nine wickets in hand after Ben Duckett falls late on day three.
Kitty Harrison felt "proper doom" while precariously perched on a ledge on a notorious mountain.
The armed forces are losing people faster than they can recruit them, says committee of MPs.
Officials have warned the death toll is likely to rise as rescue teams reach the hardest hit areas.
The home secretary said the law would punish activists "insulting those who paid the ultimate price".
Namibia sees a smooth transition of power following the death in office of Hage Geingob at 82.
The president, who faces little competition, secures a decisive win in the party's first official primary.
Labour aims for an election comeback from one seat in Scotland, the BBC's Nick Eardley writes.
Germany's growth is being held back by the twin shocks of expensive energy and higher interest rates.
First minister says the executive faces big challenges after two years without devolved government.
Nottingham Panthers say the plaque will be a "lasting memory" of their former player.
David Clarke, 34, gave control of the money to people who then got to decide how it was spent.
Police fire tear gas at pockets of protesters angry at the delay to this month's presidential poll.
President Nayib Bukele is far ahead of rivals in polls - but not all voters are convinced.
"There's a long way to go" but Arsenal's win over Liverpool was "the biggest moment of their season", writes Phil McNulty.
James Anderson says India are nervous about England pulling off another chase in the second Test in Visakhapatnam.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy explains why Arsenal's plan worked so well in their impressive win over Premier League leaders Liverpool.
Outgoing Chelsea manager Emma Hayes says a lack of female coaches in English football is "a massive issue" and urged the game to "come up with more creative ways" to address it.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag says he is concerned about the injury Lisandro Martinez sustained in the 3-0 win against West Ham.
Two controversial penalties set Chelsea on the way to beating Everton to remain on track for a fifth consecutive Women's Super League title.
Police say a man was detained and bailed on suspicion of helping Abdul Shokoor Ezedi.
Six-year-old Hind was last heard from trapped in a car surrounded by bodies - then the line went dead.
The £299 payment is being paid automatically to eight million people on low incomes and receiving benefits.
Labour and SNP accuse Rishi Sunak of being out of touch, after he appears to accept bet on his Rwanda policy.
The chain said its fourth quarter sales failed to meet its target for the first time in four years.
The 14-year-old is the fifth person charged with the murders of Mason Rist and Max Dixon.
Red Bull Formula 1 team boss Christian Horner is under investigation after a complaint was made against him, the company said on Monday.
The firm said in 2023 it had 5,000 employees, suggesting around 500 people are facing redundancy.
The Met Office is warning of wintry conditions across much of Wales and England on Thursday.
A review said one or more prison officers could have been prosecuted over the death of Allan Marshall.
Family of Theresa Jones, 91, say she was left on the floor "like a piece of rubbish".
It took years for Canadian police to lay charges against five current or ex-NHL players accused of sexual assault.
"They need cold beer on these beaches," one businessman tells the BBC on the Indian Ocean islands.
The King "remains wholly positive about his treatment" which began on Monday, says Buckingham Palace.
It's been a bleak midwinter for the Royal Family. Will the King's health news help to bring them together?
King Charles has been diagnosed with cancer, but Buckingham Palace has not said what type it is.
The Duke of Sussex spoke to his father about the diagnosis and will travel to the UK to visit him.
Buckingham Palace has announced that King Charles is being treated for a form of cancer.
Buckingham Palace has announced that the King is being treated for cancer.
No other politician has caused as many rifts in Pakistan as the cricket star-turned politician.
If deaths continue at the current rate, Sri Lanka could lose 70% of its elephants, experts say.
Irelands hosts many multinational companies which makes calculating its true productivity difficult.
Poonam Pandey's campaign to draw attention to cervical cancer has received mixed reactions.
Mum-of-five Jessica Hymus-Gant shares the good as well as the "grotty" reality of family life.
The actor became a global star as the "stupid boy" Frank Pike in Dad's Army.
A Chinese research ship's imminent arrival at Male has increased tensions between Beijing and Delhi.
Going to school, college or university five days a week is not the only way to get a qualification.
More than 300 London Overground workers will go on strike from midnight on Monday 19 February.
Esther Martin, 68, died after being attacked in a property and a 39-year-old man is released on bail.
Birmingham-born Lavender became a household name thanks to his role as Private Pike in the BBC sitcom.
The ex-Brazil and Barcelona defender denies the assault, saying the sex was consensual.
The long-awaited Disability Action Plan also includes support for "aspiring disabled politicians".
Composed by avant-garde artist John Cage, the piece is expected to play in Germany until the year 2640.
Plans to penalise boiler makers for missing heat pump installation targets are reportedly being scrapped.
Police say a liquid thought to be petrol was thrown over the officers before they were "set alight".
The building must be removed by 7 February after revised planning proposals were refused.
The actress and model will play the role of Sally Bowles in the revival of the hit musical.
The Saltburn and Euphoria star is allegedly involved in an confrontation in Sydney, Australia.
Phil Foden's hat-trick is the catalyst for a convincing win at Brentford as Manchester City move second in the Premier League, two points behind Liverpool.
Britain's Emma Raducanu will face second seed Ons Jabeur in the second round of the Abu Dhabi Open after beating Czech Marie Bouzkova in straight sets.
How people, policy and the shortcomings of the city's premier club have helped Paris export players in a quantity and quality unmatched anywhere in the world.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Manchester City close the gap on Liverpool in the Premier League title race after beating Brentford.
Liverpool's Trent Alexander-Arnold speaks to Liverpool academy players about the mental pressures that come with being released by clubs.
Dion got a rapturous reception when she emerged to present the best album trophy to Taylor Swift.
The best (and worst) performances, the memorable moments, and why Swift's big win was inevitable.
See the most eye-catching images and outfits as stars attend the music industry's biggest party.
The 48-year-old was detained on a misdemeanour charge after winning three awards in the rap category.
The Australian singer wins the best pop dance recording prize for her viral hit Padam Padam.
Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish and SZA are among the victors at the 2024 ceremony.
The pop star says her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, will be released in April.
The singer receives a standing ovation after making a rare public appearance.
Millions of low-income households will receive a final cost of living payment soon.
King Charles travelled to Sandringham after meeting his son, Prince Harry, who flew in from US.
A door that blew away from a Boeing 737 Max may not have been properly secured, a new report says.
Patient watchdog calls for payouts for those left disabled by an epilepsy drug or hurt by pelvic mesh.
Israel and the US say they are reviewing the response, which Qatar has described as "positive".
Jennifer Crumbley is the first US parent ever convicted of manslaughter over a mass shooting by their child.
He convinced his victims that he was a millionaire but really he was unemployed and living out of a suitcase.
The move is expected to be part of a wider dental reform plan to boost access for patients in England.
"Refrain from provocative celebrations," Nigeria tells citizens in South Africa before the Afcon semi-final.
The actress was fired in 2021 for comparing being a Republican to being a Jew during the Holocaust.
Jacquie El Kasaby and Rose Stewart lost their business and paid £10,000 despite not being prosecuted.
Tory MP Mike Freer has said he plans to stand down at the next general election over safety fears.
The officer is guilty of gross misconduct and his rank has been reduced following a police hearing.
The conviction of a Michigan mother for her son's school shooting could have far-reaching implications.
Michael Jonas's dad reflects as the six men who killed his 17-year-old son are handed life sentences.
The reality TV star says the reaction to a video without her cochlear implant has been "overwhelming".
Behind the scenes, Labour is working out how it might put its ideas into action if it wins the next general election.
Peter Butterworth, who appeared in 16 Carry On films, was an officer for MI9 planning prison escapes.
The ex-PM launches Popular Conservatism to fight for right wing values, without undermining Rishi Sunak.
If deaths continue at the current rate, Sri Lanka could lose 70% of its elephants, experts say.
After losing her son, Nurgül Göksu set out to investigate how building alterations left his home vulnerable to earthquakes.
No other politician has caused as many rifts in Pakistan as the cricket star-turned politician.
Super Bowl conspiracy theories involving Taylor Swift are "nonsense", says NFL commissioner Roger Goodell.
In new footage, police officers are heard asking "where's your child?", but the couple do not reply.
Sebastián Piñera became known abroad for overseeing the spectacular rescue of 33 miners in 2010.
The ex-Fox News host's trip to Moscow has been given near-constant coverage in Russia's state media.
The announcement appears to be a concession to farmers who have been protesting tighter regulations.
The five men bought up empty properties in Hull and used a fake estate agent shop as cover.
Police continue to search for corrosive liquid attack suspect Abdul Shokoor Ezedi for a sixth day.
The presenter says changes to the design of X/Twitter means he now sees the "vitriolic side" more often.
Eight Met officers are under investigation by the police watchdog.
Shea Gordon, 17, was stabbed just after midnight in 2022 while attending the event in east London.
Lawyers for Adam Neumann claim the leaders of his former company are stonewalling his approaches.
The Spider-Man actor last performed in the West End in 2008 as a child in Billy Elliot The Musical.
The former chancellor says it has been an "honour to serve the residents of Spelthorne since 2010".
Servicewomen tell the BBC they quit the air force after being "seen as trouble" for complaining.
The government says it will not block the increase, but that responsibility lies with the council.
As millions get a final cost of living payment, Rishi Sunak says the burden on households is subsiding.
The tech will detect images - but not video or audio - made by other companies' AI generators.
The Welsh government effectively takes over as a minister says failures could put lives at risk.
Paul Mackenzie, accused of starving his followers to death, pleads not guilty.
A gold-mounted set of false teeth made for the prime minister sell at auction in Cheltenham for £18,000.
The latest attacks come in defiance of repeated US and UK strikes to try to deter the group.
Rangers are "not thinking" about the title race, says Phillipe Clement, despite his side moving level on points with Scottish Premiership leaders Celtic.
Crysencio Summerville and Georginio Rutter's goals in extra time send Leeds into the fifth round of the FA Cup with a 4-1 win over Plymouth Argyle.
Oleksandr Usyk reveals he missed the birth of his second child while training in Spain for the fight with Tyson Fury that has been postponed.
Sekou Mara's double strike helps Southampton to a comfortable FA Cup replay win against Watford and secure a tie with Liverpool.
Former world number one Simona Halep's appeal against a four-year doping ban will be heard by the Court of Arbitration for Sport from Wednesday.
Watch highlights as Leeds score three goals in extra time to beat Plymouth 4-1 at Home Park in their FA Cup fourth-round replay.
England are "hopeful" vice-captain Ellis Genge will be fit to face Wales on Saturday, says attack coach Richard Wigglesworth.
Prime minister tells the BBC he is in "regular contact" with King Charles III following his diagnosis.
The King's illness will make the Prince of Wales's role as heir even more important.
It's been a bleak midwinter for the Royal Family. Will the King's health news help to bring them together?
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are not funded by the Royal Family and have various commercial deals.
King Charles has been diagnosed with cancer, but Buckingham Palace has not said what type it is.
The King is stepping back from public duties after being diagnosed with cancer.
Charles is stepping back from public-facing duties, but his private work continues, BBC political editor Chris Mason writes.
The Duke of Sussex spoke to his father about the diagnosis and will travel to the UK to visit him.
Millions of low-income households will receive a final cost of living payment soon.
National Insurance rates are falling, but other changes mean many people are paying more tax.
A U-turn on the policy is set to be announced on Thursday, following confusion over the party's position.
Israel's PM insists he will accept only "total victory", and calls Hamas's truce terms "delusional".
The Prince of Wales speaks in public for the first time since his father's cancer diagnosis.
The Pentagon says the Kataib Hezbollah leader was responsible for directing attacks on American forces.
The Mobo Awards were held in Sheffield, celebrating the best of black music and culture.
Days of heavy rainfall in California have caused flooding and mudslides, leaving infrastructure damaged.
Revenge takes many forms, but threats of a deep sea attack are easier said than done, writes Frank Gardner.
Sarah de Lagarde lost an arm and leg after being struck by two Tube trains at High Barnet station.
The dad of murdered teenager Brianna Ghey - who was transgender - says he was "shocked" by the comment.
Police continue to search for corrosive liquid attack suspect Abdul Shokoor Ezedi for a seventh day.
The former Years and Years frontman posts the first clip of the UK's song for Europe this year.
The warnings for parts of northern England and north Wales come after a mild start to February.
As the government unveils its NHS dentistry plan, people in England speak about their fight to get seen.
New figures raise questions about government claims the weather had no impact on 2023 crossings falling.
The East Kilbride Pirates - one of two women's teams in Scotland - would rather be on the field.
More Mexicans are consuming the deadly drug, leading to a spike in overdoses.
Jacquie El Kasaby and Rose Stewart lost their business and paid £10,000 despite not being prosecuted.
The BBC speaks to three people in a 12-step programme for "digital addiction".
Claims about spending on dentistry, patients seen and children in hospital.
The conviction of a Michigan mother for her son's school shooting could have far-reaching implications.
Once dogged by kidnapping and torture allegations, Prabowo Subianto is now Indonesia's frontrunner.
Steve Wright will feature on the new station, which is one of four new networks the BBC is planning.
Esther Ghey is part of a campaign to put mindfulness onto the national curriculum.
Relatives of those held by Hamas with British connections meet Rishi Sunak and Qatari minister.
A French enthusiast who wanted to beat the world record is told he used the wrong matches.
Mike Freer, a north London MP, is already standing down at the next election over safety fears.
The sandwich chain said all its shops offered an extensive range of vegetarian options.
Paedophile Gary Glitter - real name Paul Gadd - has lost a Parole Board bid to be freed from jail.
The road sign mistake has been described by the Welsh secretary as "ludicrous".
The government claims the scheme could cost £15bn a year but Labour calls the figure "bogus".
Experts estimates that a single person needs £31,300 a year for a moderate retirement, up £8,000 on last year.
Donald Trump was not on the ballot but she received fewer votes than the "none of these candidates" option.
Mauricio Pochettino knows Chelsea's win at Aston Villa is just a start - but it is an impressive one, writes Phil McNulty.
Sebastien Haller scores the winner as 2023 Africa Cup of Nations hosts Ivory Coast beat DR Congo to set up a final against Nigeria.
Banned figure skater Kamila Valieva claimed her positive doping test may have been caused by a contaminated strawberry dessert.
The story of how a $500m gamble on an ice hockey team in a desert paved the way for Las Vegas' Super Bowl.
England's young spinners are flourishing in India because of Ben Stokes' leadership, says Rehan Ahmed.
Enzo Fernandez scores a brilliant free-kick as Chelsea beat Aston Villa 3-1 at Villa Park to reach the fifth round of the FA Cup.
Adam Idah completes his penalty double with a 92nd-minute winner as Celtic snatch a dramatic victory over Hibernian to restore their three-point lead at the Scottish Premiership summit.
The special counsel finds Mr Biden "wilfully retained" top secret files after his term as vice-president.
The Labour leader's move to slash green investment plans follows weeks of confusion about the policy.
Ukraine's president fires the popular head of the country's armed forces, General Valerii Zaluzhnyi.
It's the first time the Russian leader has sat down with a Western journalist since Russia invaded Ukraine.
It comes after consumer group Which? said most of the devices they tested posed a 'serious safety risk' to users.
The Queen says Charles is "very touched" by public messages after news of his cancer treatment.
Election officials are calling for results to be speeded up, after delays in announcing vote tallies.
Officials are warning Israel over sending in troops without due consideration for refugees there.
Forecasters say "we've had the worst of it" but yellow warnings are in place for many on Friday.
Justices intensely questioned attorneys who argued he should be removed from Colorado's primary ballot.
Shadow justice secretary Shabana Mahmood says Labour needs to "rebuild" relations with Muslim voters.
A key water pipe has been burst by the stream of lava, leaving 28,000 people without hot water.
Probe describes top secret files in a garage and "significant limitations" with the president's memory.
Clashes between Israel and Hezbollah are intensifying as the risk of a wider regional conflict grows.
Labour is abandoning the figure of £28bn a year for investment in green projects.
Abdul Ezedi remains missing a week after the attack but a detailed picture of his movements on the day has emerged.
Sales of electric bikes are booming but defective batteries and chargers can cause fires.
Divya Deshmukh's Instagram post received support from thousands, including stars like Susan Polgar.
Bert Janssen, who got a donor heart in the 1980s, is the longest-surviving heart transplant patient.
The entertainment giant has been under pressure from investors to shake-up the business.
The East Kilbride Pirates - one of two women's American Football teams in Scotland - would rather be on the field.
England and Bayern Munich striker Harry Kane talks about his goalscoring records, his desire for team trophies and his work to help children's mental wellbeing.
The week-long police hunt for Abdul Shokoor Ezedi continues after a mother and two girls were hurt.
DJ and businessman Virdi Mazaria says he's keen to be a positive representative for his community.
Heston Blumenthal and Yotam Ottolenghi among those affected by new identity fraud, BBC finds.
Football's lawmakers Ifab are to trial sin-binning players and issuing blue cards, it will be announced on Friday.
Proportion starting treatment within 62 days in England drops to new low after 11 years of decline.
Nuclear fusion still remains a long way off but brings the world one step closer to endless clean energy.
R&B singer Usher will celebrate 30 years of hits, when he takes to the stage in Las Vegas this weekend.
Esther Ghey says her priority is to create a "lasting legacy" for Brianna with her mindfulness campaign.
The Radio 2 presenter says he would "not wish on anyone" the experience of interrupting breeding foxes.
Disney's unexpected announcement sets up a box office battle with the first Wicked film.
The future of the Red Bull F1 team is in the spotlight as their boss Christian Horner faces an internal hearing on Friday into a complaint of inappropriate behaviour.
Michael van Gerwen beats Luke Littler 6-5 in a thrilling final on night two of the Premier League in Berlin.
England will face the Republic of Ireland in their Nations League group, while Scotland's opponents include Portugal.
England captain Jamie George says he will be "very emotional" when he leads out the team for the first time in a Six Nations match at Twickenham this weekend.
Tom Daley wins silver on his international comeback alongside partner Noah Williams in the 10m synchronised event at the World Championships.
Ireland women's basketball team refuse to shake hands with Israel before their EuroBasket 2025 qualifier in Riga.
Cristobal del Solar cards one of the lowest scores in the history of professional golf with a 13-under-par 57 in the Astara Championship.
The state pension will rise by 8.5% in April following a pledge to protect the value of the benefit.
Experts say videos posted by IDF soldiers showing Gaza detainees bound and blindfolded could breach international law.
Police are working on the hypothesis Abdul Shokoor Ezedi is dead after going into the River Thames.
The prince has settled his claim with the Mirror group, but will he fight other newspaper publishers?
Roger Gilbert says he believed the Post Office was acting "honestly and competently" in prosecutions.
Gail Porter has shown people that bald is beautiful - but she can wear wigs too, says campaigner.
Olaf Scholz, in the US to rally Ukraine aid, couldn't miss a chance to take a photo with his twin.
Tottenham manager Ange Postecoglou says the possible introduction of blue cards and sin-bins will "destroy" the game.
Thomas White being in jail for 12 years after getting a two-year tariff is a "scandal", his sister says.
Campaigners call for stronger legislation to stop people unfairly losing their homes.
The prime minister paid £508,308 in UK taxes on his income and investment profits, a summary shows.
A French enthusiast who built the tower was previously told it had not qualified for the record.
A vet says the creature, named Fluffy, could have eaten everything in the water if not found.
The 39-year-old was found unresponsive while waiting hours for a doctor at the Nottingham hospital.
In 1984 the presence of dinosaur fossils in Scotland was confirmed for the first time.
Masterchef judge Gregg Wallace went viral this week after revealing a breakdown of his typical day.
As nightclub chains close their doors, experts believe revellers are becoming more choosy.
The BBC's technology editor Zoe Kleinman looks at the technology sector's damaged reputation.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Pakistan's vote saw candidates aligned to the former PM spring a surprise, writes Caroline Davies.
Investigators say they have found eight children, believed to have been abducted by Russia.
Historians say the litany of claims made by the Russian president are nothing more than a selective abuse of history to justify the ongoing war in Ukraine.
The adventurous marsupial was captured after it was spotted hopping around near an apartment complex.
Independent candidates backed by jailed ex-PM Imran Khan have most seats so far, but he has no party.
The Football Association is keen for Gareth Southgate to remain as England manager beyond the 2024 Euros and through to the 2026 World Cup.
The Israeli PM's order comes after the US warned against an unplanned invasion of the Gazan city.
Adam Peaty has won just about every major swimming title - and is now "at peace" and excited about the Paris Olympics following mental health problems.
The publisher will pay the Duke of Sussex about £300,000 in damages as well as his legal costs.
Laura Trott told the BBC that government debt is falling but official figures say it is rising.
Ofcom says it has concerns over Virgin Media's actions to protect vulnerable customers.
Police confirm the pets that attacked Esther Martin in Essex at the weekend were two XL bullies.
Officers were seen on CCTV watching TV and lifting weights at Abbygail Lawton's home in Wigan.
Users have taken to message boards to complain about the increase, which they say is unjustified.
Match preview, team news, BBC coverage, standings and statistics for Saturday's Six Nations match between England and Wales at Twickenham.
The hearing into allegations of inappropriate and controlling behaviour against Red Bull team boss Christian Horner finishes without resolution.
Scotland co-captain Rory Darge may be callow, but his stature as a player means he is primed to lead his county against France, writes BBC Scotland's Tom English.
British gymnast Claudia Fragapane says the time is right to "hang up her leotard" as she retires from the sport aged 26.
Britain's Mark Cavendish claimed his first victory of the season in a sprint finish on stage four of the Tour of Colombia.
New Wales captain Dafydd Jenkins might still be an international rugby novice but he knows what is at stake in this weekend's Six Nations trip to face England.
Mikel Arteta says criticism of Arsenal's celebrations following their vital win over Premier League leaders Liverpool will not stop him from showing emotion on the touchline.
Charles says it has been been "the greatest comfort" in first statement since diagnosis.
Hind was last heard from trapped in a car under fire, surrounded by bodies of her relatives, 12 days ago.
Debate is shifting to cost concerns as net zero targets fast approach, says Laura Kuenssberg.
Accounts show former execs made millions while sub-postmasters were chased for thousands.
The Peaky Blinders star admits he has struggled with spotlight, but will aim to enjoy the Academy Awards.
Lunar New Year festivities usher in the Year of the Dragon and end of the Year of the Rabbit.
A former miner recalls a painful choice he had to make during the 1984-85 miners' strike.
Katalin Novak steps down live on TV after pardoning man jailed for covering up sexual abuse at a children's home.
Imran Khan and Nawaz Sharif both say they have emerged victorious in polls that defied predictions.
The government also sets a date for removing a £20 application fee for parents seeking intervention.
Detectives believe Abdul Shokoor Ezedi may have gone into the water near Chelsea Bridge.
Mauna Kea Observatory captures moment unidentified object re-enters the atmosphere.
Michael Gove says Tories must appeal to youngsters and King Charles thanks nation for its support.
After his flying visit to see the King, is there any sign of eased tensions between the princes?
Finding Ukrainian civilians in Russian captivity is hard - and there is no formal way to secure their release.
Almost two years on from Russia’s invasion, the BBC’s analysis editor examines why the front line has barely moved in 12 months.
Scientists think eruptions on the Reykjanes Peninsula could continue for decades or even centuries.
Coups and broken promises test the cohesion of West Africa's regional bloc to breaking point.
Lara Mason, from Walsall, says the cake is her biggest creation to date measuring 7ft (2.13m).
John Cramp, 43, is living his childhood dream after beating thousands of entrants with his idea.
Members of the ex-boyband want to be the club's "new adopted sons", as talks continue to promote it.
England overturn another half-time deficit in the Six Nations to edge past a youthful and spirited Wales side at Twickenham.
A dog walker found the exotic animal, which is native to swamps and rivers in parts of the US, in a lake.
Jeff Gibson hopes the action by farmers at Dover will get the government to start taking notice.
A billion people in countries around the world - mostly in Asia - greet the Year of the Dragon.
Jilumol George, 38, was arrested and charged with two counts of attempted murder.
Sony Music Group has reportedly bought half of the King of Pop's catalogue.
The listing, which includes the artist's iconic costumes, platform boots and luxury car, could bring over $10m.
The foreign minister says his country is paying a high price for tensions between the US and Iran.
An eyewitness says he heard the aircraft's engine cut out before it "ploughed down into a tree".
Mario Alcalde is said to be Spain's first openly LGBT matador, after revealing he is pansexual.
Indonesia has survived much since it ousted a dictator 26 years ago. But this election is a test.
The list of 13 new peers is published late on Friday during a parliamentary recess.
Who will win Super Bowl 58, how will they do it and who will be the star men? Pre-match predictions for the NFL showpiece in Las Vegas.
England were desperate to entertain against Wales on their return to Twickenham but, in the end, only the result mattered.
Careless Scotland fail to put away negative France as Murrayfield is left stunned by officials rowing back on what looked like a winning score, writes Tom English.
Jurgen Klopp says it would have been the "Wild West" if blue cards and sin-bins had been in operation during Liverpool's 3-1 win over Burnley.
Kevin de Bruyne is back, Phil Foden is firing… and now Erling Haaland has found his shooting boots. So, how do you stop Manchester City now?
Watch the highlights as England recover from being behind at half time to edge past Wales 16-14 in a hard-fought Six Nations clash at Twickenham.
Jude Bellingham scores twice before going off injured as leaders Real Madrid thump title challengers Girona to go five points clear in La Liga.
Watch highlights as France hold on for a tense 20-16 Six Nations win after Scotland were denied by an inconclusive last-minute try review at Murrayfield.
The US President tells Israel's PM that the measure is needed before its planned offensive there.
The presidential hopeful suggests the US will not protect allies failing to meet defence spending targets.
The boys, aged 12, 13, 14, and 14, remain in police custody in Rochdale.
HMS Prince of Wales was due to replace HMS Queen Elizabeth which broke down just before departure.
Breaches of environmental rules should cost bosses their bonuses, the environment secretary says.
Kelvin Kiptum, 24, was killed alongside his coach near the Kenyan town of Eldoret, an official says.
Inflation sends Private Finance Initiative contracts spiralling, cutting into classroom spending
The Oscar-nominated actress discusses female roles and being a fan of writer Jesse Armstrong.
A u-turn means Teju Adedayo and four others can now claim full Horizon scandal compensation.
Rochdale by-election candidate Azhar Ali says his claims about the 7 October attack were "ignorant".
Partially-sighted Squid the penguin, who developed cataracts as a chick, now has a guide to help.
Sebastien Haller is the hero again as Ivory Coast come from behind to beat Nigeria and win the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations final.
Monday's papers feature the defence secretary's concerns for Army culture and King Charles III's first outing in a week.
A monochrome and minimalist production of Sunset Boulevard shines at the theatre awards ceremony.
What does data show us about some of the issues facing voters in the constituency?
How did Danish weight-loss treatment Wegovy become a global sales sensation?
The US presidential hopeful's remarks left military chiefs aghast but will delight supporters.
Jeremy Bowen looks at Gaza's humanitarian crisis and a growing panic in Rafah over a looming Israeli offensive.
A former miner recalls a painful choice he had to make during the 1984-85 miners' strike.
The eight-year-old is in a serious condition in hospital after being bitten on the head by the dog.
Clare Rewcastle Brown claims her defamation conviction is linked to her work on the 1MDB corruption scandal.
King Charles waved to members of the public as he attended church in Norfolk with Queen Camilla.
Fleabag star Andrew Scott also aired concerns around an affordability "problem" in the industry.
Jack Sweeney's social media accounts track private planes. Some celebrity owners do not like it.
The housing secretary says courts will be given funding to enforce a ban by the next general election.
Star tells Desert Island Discs he has struggled with spotlight, but will aim to enjoy Academy Awards.
Arsenal secure their biggest Premier League away win with a ruthless dismantling of West Ham to move back to within two points of leaders Liverpool.
The mother of the murdered teenager describes her as "unique and joyful" to the crowds who attended.
The retailer is expected to undergo a major restructure, leading to shop closures and job losses.
John Cramp, 43, is living his childhood dream after beating thousands of entrants with his idea.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Other nominees include Mariah Carey, Oasis, Ozzy Osborne and Cher, who has previously vowed not to accept.
China's sluggish economy is one reason why some have decided not to go home for the holiday.
Manchester United's late win at Villa Park continues their positive momentum as they chase down their rivals for a top-four finish.
After avoiding a slip-up against Italy, Ireland stay level-headed before more daunting games against Triple Crown rivals Wales, England and Scotland.
Arsenal backed up their win against Liverpool with a thrashing of West Ham that has pundits believing they are "right in the title race".
Watch highlights as hosts Ivory Coast come from behind to beat Nigeria 2-1 and win the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.
British record signing Mayra Ramirez scores her first goal for Chelsea as they narrowly beat Championship side Crystal Palace in the Women's FA Cup.
Watch James Lowe's brilliant "one-man effort' as Ireland cruise to a 36-0 win against Italy in the Six Nations.
MOTD2 pundit Stephen Warnock still believes Unai Emery's know-how will help Aston Villa make the Champions League spots despite their drop in form.
The party said the decision was taken after "new information about further comments" came to light.
The UN warns an assault on the Gaza city sheltering more than a million people would be "terrifying".
A BBC Verify investigation found videos showing detainees that legal experts say may breach international law.
Seven women say Devon and Cornwall Police failed to investigate claims of sexual violence against officers.
Video shows huge flames and thick smoke rising from large water slides in Gothenburg.
The action, affecting firms such as Deliveroo and Uber Eats, is in a dispute over pay and conditions.
He is fighting a ruling denying him presidential immunity in the federal election interference case.
An image of 40 famous females will mark Edward Enninful's final issue. But how did they pull it off?
Nicholas Hawkes admits sending unsolicited photos to a 15-year-old girl and a woman.
Father-of-two Emmanuel Odunlami was fatally stabbed when he was celebrating his 32nd birthday.
Teenager Luke Littler hits a nine-dart finish on his way to winning the title on his Players Championship debut.
The singer will be the fifth recipient of the award that is "reserved for truly exceptional artists".
The advertisement, aired just before halftime, spliced images of the candidate into a 1960 JFK ad.
Two years into the war, there is no flood of volunteer fighters as energy and enthusiasm fades.
Kenyan athlete Kelvin Kiptum was on the cusp of greatness when his life was cut short in an accident.
After a Harry Potter fan is mistaken for a knifeman, we revisit five other "whoops" moments.
The R&B star performed a hit-heavy half-time show with help from will.i.am and Alicia Keys.
Days after the vote, Pakistanis still don't know who will form their next government.
Fans were given a first look at the upcoming films during Sunday night's NFL showdown.
The latest phase of the anti-corruption drive targets the finance sector and elite nuclear rocket force.
Taylor Swift flies back from Tokyo to watch boyfriend Travis Kelce win the Super Bowl - what difference did it make?
The pop icon flew in from Japan to watch her boyfriend play in Las Vegas at the 2024 championship game.
A head teacher says "rigid" demands set out in a private contract now cost almost 20% of his budget.
A watchdog will review complaints over Nottinghamshire Police's contact with Valdo Calocane.
Andrew Rosindell is "completely exonerated" after the police decision, his spokesperson says.
The soft toy used in the BBC animated children's classic lives a quieter life in a museum these days.
The foreign secretary accuses four people of threatening Palestinians at gunpoint and forcing them off land.
A leading charity says the NHS is unprepared for the rollout of innovative new drugs.
Craig Sturt allegedly flew from Heathrow Airport to New York without a passport or boarding pass.
Indigenous communities were celebrated at the Sambadrome Marquês de Sapucaí on Sunday evening.
A boat carrying West Ham fans crashed into the bridge adding to the mounting costs of its restoration.
The firm said its engineers were working hard to fix the issues affecting its network.
Colin Pitchfork, who murdered two girls in the 1980s, challenges a decision to keep him behind bars.
Lord Cameron, the foreign secretary, pledges to re-examine the case of Sikh activist Jagtar Singh Johal.
Officers thought they were being called to deal with a man carrying a large knife.
A political advert played during the NFL game echoed one from a familiar face more than 60 years ago.
The Royal Navy carrier sets sail a day late to replace HMS Queen Elizabeth after it broke down.
Conor Gallagher scores twice against his former side as Chelsea come from behind to beat Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park.
Patrick Mahomes again showed why he could chase down Tom Brady's records as he led the Kansas City Chiefs to back-to-back Super Bowl wins - and they believe glory can be theirs again next year.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Marathon world record holder Kelvin Kiptum was a "special talent" who would have gone on to have an "incredible career", says Sir Mo Farah.
Crystal Palace manager Roy Hodgson says the 3-1 defeat by Chelsea is hard to take, but he believes that once key players return he will keep the club in the Premier League.
Emma Raducanu says she "struggled with everything" as she was beaten by world number 30 Anhelina Kalinina in the first round of the Qatar Open.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola urges Erling Haaland to focus on feeling relaxed rather than scoring goals.
Aid agencies say there is nowhere safe to move the 1.5 million people now sheltering in the city.
Find out how much has changed in the Gaza Strip since Israel began its military response to Hamas's attacks on 7 October.
Israeli commandos rescued two men in an operation that reportedly killed dozens of Palestinians.
The two men, Israeli-Argentines, were rescued as Israel carried out air strikes on the southern Gazan city.
Israel says it will expand its military operations all the way south into Rafah.
Judges sided with groups who said sending spares from the Netherlands contributed to law violations in Gaza.
One-hundred-and-twelve people captured during the 7 October attacks have been released by Hamas.
Millions of households are expected to see their council tax bills rise in April.
Bank of England interest rates affect the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Millions of low-income households will receive a final cost of living payment soon.
The DJ hosted programmes on the BBC for more than four decades, including his popular afternoon show.
Former colleagues have been paying tribute to the legendary DJ, who has died aged 69.
Graham Jones, a former Labour MP, is facing an investigation over comments he allegedly made about Israel.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan says the law on deepfakes is not "fit for purpose" after Armistice Day hoax.
Guy's Hospital has apologised to more than 100 woman whose eggs and embryos may have been damaged.
Crowds took to the streets for the traditional frenzied fun that sees people battling to keep a ball.
Its aid chief says more than a million people in the Gazan city are staring "death in the face".
PML-N leader Nawaz Sharif plans to nominate his brother Shehbaz Sharif to be prime minister.
Large hailstones covered roads as a rare weather phenomenon hit the United Arab Emirates.
The president says his main political rival is treating the military alliance like a protection racket.
The theatre says Mr Currie "aggressively demanded" Jewish members leave his Saturday night show.
The head of medical training for NHS England says she is sorry over mistakes that were made.
Mansfield close in on League Two's top spot as they equal the club's all-time record league win from 1932 by thrashing Harrogate 9-2.
The Sussexes have overhauled their online identity but what messages are they sending?
Margot Robbie was among 179 nominees who gathered for the annual Academy Awards luncheon in Los Angeles.
As the UK business enters administration, we look at what has gone wrong for the chain.
Archive footage shows Dame Anita Roddick talking about her company's success, in an 1984 interview.
Steve Wright was a much-loved BBC DJ for more than 40 years, as well as being a true radio pioneer.
The Labour party has withdrawn support for its former candidate, but he will still appear on voting slips.
The BBC goes inside the world's most dedicated effort to chart Taylor Swift's power and influence.
Music festivals need a lot of electricity, but plugging into greener sources is not easy or cheap.
A bill would allow gay couples to marry and adopt, but it faces opposition from the Orthodox Church.
The indie star sheds his reputation for weighty lyrics and lets loose on a psychedelic new album.
A fast-growing economy, low jobless numbers and falling inflation - how the US outpaced competitors.
The Champions League last 16 begins on Tuesday with Manchester City away to FC Copenhagen, while Arsenal target their first quarter-final in 14 years.
Lisa from K-pop band Blackpink will appear alongside Parker Posey in the award-winning show.
Ukraine's leader praises the package, but the US House Speaker suggests he might block it.
Melting ice is forcing this iconic Arctic species to spend more time on land, where they struggle for food.
Three women displayed images of paragliders, "celebrating" the Hamas tactic, at a pro-Palestinian march.
Anti-racist groups argue the case violates discrimination laws and police are investigating.
The retailer's shops will remain open as usual while the administrators try to save the UK firm.
The UK's second biggest tea brand says it expects to be able to continue to meet normal demand.
Mahnoor Cheema, 17, says she still has spare time despite the number of subjects she studies.
Mobile and tablet apps are unaffected, meaning users can still download BBC shows to watch later.
Piran Ditta Khan, 75, denies murdering the police officer in Bradford in 2005.
The Soho Theatre in London said it was "sorry and saddened" by the incident.
Iain Packer, who denies Ms Caldwell's murder, said he did not stop immediately when she told him to.
The man is arrested after telling police he is "drink-driving and doesn't know what he's doing".
The singer reveals this season of the talent show will be her last after seven seasons.
Thousands of farmers head for the capital to press the government to meet promises on crop prices.
Yodel has been saved from falling into administration in a last-minute rescue deal by a consortium.
The Taylor Swift effect is thought to be a contributing factor as 123.4 million tuned in on Sunday.
Sea-bird counts after avian flu show serious declines in three species, the charity RSPB says.
The statue of slave trader Edward Colston has been out of public view since January 2022.
Louis Perrin's parents say they are "blown away" by the donation to adapt their home.
Manchester City resume their Champions League title defence with a comfortable victory at FC Copenhagen in the first leg of their last-16 tie.
Forty years ago, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean gambled a shot at Olympic gold on a radical routine. It paid off handsomely, but their virtuoso performance is not a template for modern ice dancers.
A brilliant goal by Brahim Diaz hands Real Madrid the advantage following the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie with RB Leipzig.
British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe's deal to buy a 25% stake in Manchester United is approved by the Premier League.
Captain Ben Stokes says his 100th cap will be "just a number" as he prepares to become the 16th man to reach a century of Tests for England.
Leicester's charge towards the Championship title continues unabated as Jamie Vardy scores in a victory over his boyhood club Sheffield Wednesday.
Scottish Rugby are calling on the sport's governing body to acknowledge that a game-defining mistake was made in the last seconds of Scotland's Six Nations game against France.
BBC News Arabic followed three first responders working under intense bombardment in the first month of the war.
BBC Verify looks at Gaza's southernmost city, which is full of people who have fled their homes.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but still remains above the 2% target.
The landing ship Caesar Kunikov is hit in the Black Sea, according to Ukraine's armed forces.
At least seven civilians are killed, security sources say, after a rocket attack killed an Israeli soldier.
Luke D'Wit befriended Stephen and Carol Baxter, claiming to be like an "adopted son", a jury hears.
An exhibition will show 10 glass gems out of 350 items that have been recovered by the museum.
Bank of England boss says the latest inflation figure "pretty much leaves us where we were".
A team in South Korea say they have cracked how to grow beef muscle and fat cells inside grains of rice.
Ambreen Fatima Sheikh was forced to take medication and doused with a corrosive substance, a court hears.
Constance Marten and Mark Gordon deny the manslaughter of Victoria, whose body was found in a shed.
Dozens of protesters gathered outside the constituency home of Bournemouth East MP Tobias Ellwood.
Autopsy reports obtained by the BBC show Elianna and Adam Wentz suffered gunshot wounds.
The trailer went viral for how awful it was, and the film has not fared much better with critics.
The officers were socialising in a bar nearby when they intervened.
BBC Verify analyses Ukrainian military footage claiming to show sea drones striking Russian ship in the Black Sea.
Labour will be hoping voters think Sir Keir has shown decisiveness but the crisis in Rochdale has raised questions.
Two years into Russia's full-scale invasion, Ukrainians carry deep wounds from the fight.
More than 100 families speak to the BBC about how the NHS fails to support severely disabled people.
US Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco says the US wants tougher sentences for crimes involving AI.
BBC Scotland News is granted rare access to the historic department store during a huge refurbishment.
A Brighton woman warns how she was lured by someone who claimed to be a UN doctor, as cases rise.
Hungary is shaken by the resignations of the two most successful women in the PM's ruling Fidesz party.
Some people feel more events such as silent discos and game nights can encourage greater interest.
Richard had to move away from his daughter to kick an addiction to a drug that's rising in users.
The papers lead on tributes to Radio DJ Steve Wright and Labour suspending a second candidate.
Cliff-hanger marriage proposal in sitcom's 2019 reboot has fans wondering if the big day happened.
Jewish audience members at comedian Paul Currie's show say they felt "unsafe" and "threatened".
The Oldham widow was duped by a conman posing online as a 60-year-old American millionaire.
In court papers, Russell Brand claims his accuser "is unable to distinguish acting from reality".
Prabowo Subianto, who is dogged by allegations of rights abuses, appears on course to win the presidency.
Red Bull team boss Christian Horner will make his first public appearance on Thursday since the emergence of charges of inappropriate behaviour.
The tech giant is deploying AI to help identify large sources of methane leaks in satellite data.
Rhiannon Bragg was held at gunpoint by an ex-partner, who is due to be released from prison on Friday after four years.
A man with a life-limiting condition is "stunned" his council "clawed back" money for short break.
The Meta boss says his firm's headset is 'the best product, period' after trying Apple's rival headset.
Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix, 19, returns from the World Championships with three medals and Olympic dreams.
The multi-billionaire moved to Florida last year, which has no state tax on share sales above $250,000.
Violence against retail staff spiked to 1,300 incidents a day, says the British Retail Consortium.
Penalties issued after an "unauthorised" speed sign was erected will not be waived, the Met says.
The owners of Harold the donkey could take on three goats to replace his beloved Billy.
Ciro Immobile's penalty gives Lazio a shock win over Bayern Munich in their Champions League last-16 first leg and increases the pressure on manager Thomas Tuchel
Travis Kelce says his outburst at Kansas City Chiefs head coach Andy Reid in Sunday's Super Bowl was "definitely unacceptable"
Manchester City centre-back Alex Greenwood unlocks her phone for BBC Sport's Liam MacDevitt to reveal her holiday highlights, coffee order and the most recent note she wrote.
Cloe Lacasse scores twice as holders Arsenal move into the semi-finals of the Women's League Cup with a comfortable victory over London City Lionesses.
Centre Fraser Dingwall says England need time to build "connections" as they look to sharpen their attack against Scotland in the Six Nations.
England captain Ben Stokes says picking another seamer in Mark Wood will give his side the best chance in the third Test against India in Rajkot.
Ipswich cruise past struggling Millwall to end a three-game winless run in the Championship and move within three points of the automatic promotion spots.
Stars from BBC Radio 1 and Radio 2 share their memories of Steve Wright following his death aged 69.
The DJ - who presented on the BBC for over four decades - died on Monday at the age of 69.
Former colleagues have been paying tribute to the legendary DJ, who has died aged 69.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but still remains above the 2% target.
Bank of England interest rates affect the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Esther Ghey and Ian Russell want better protection for teenagers on social media.
IDF says it has found "dozens of terrorists" after raiding the Nasser hospital in Khan Younis.
Parliament's vote for equality in marriage and adoption was opposed by the Greek Orthodox Church.
People spending less helped drive the UK economy to shrink by more than expected at the end of last year.
Screaming fans greeted the Hollywood heartthrobs at the world premiere of Dune: Part Two in London.
Asif Munaf, one of the candidates on the TV show, has been accused of posting antisemitic comments.
The Beatle said he was "incredibly grateful" to be reunited with his bass guitar stolen in 1972.
The arrests come after a 16-year-old boy was stabbed to death in a park on Wednesday.
One person died in Wednesday's shooting. Of the 22 injured, at least half were under the age of 16.
Christian Horner says allegations against him are a "distraction" and it is "business as normal" as his Red Bull team prepare for the season ahead.
Luke D'Wit used a phone app to watch Stephen and Carol Baxter dying at their home, a court hears.
A man mixed his sperm with that of his father's to help his partner conceive.
BBC Verify analyses footage from the Nasser hospital in southern Gaza as Israeli forces raid the complex.
After months of heavy fighting, Russian forces appear close to surrounding the ruins of Avdiivka.
Had he backed a Trump presidency, it would have been a bigger gift for Joe Biden, says Steve Rosenberg.
The BBC’s Leire Ventas is granted rare access to Cecot, a secretive maximum security prison.
Samba school Viradouro is crowned champion of the highly contested event held at Rio's Sambadrome.
Actress Denise Welch discusses addiction, depression and why The 1975 fans treat her as "the Virgin Mary".
The island of Mayotte becomes the latest battleground in France over the laws on immigration.
Survivors say more still needs to be done after the legal age of marriage was increased to 18 in 2023.
Elected officials have been victims of dangerous pranks which saw heavily armed police sent to their homes.
Campaigners at the Tech Transparency Project in the US found paid-for features for organisations.
A mass legal action alleges Facebook abused its dominance to monetise 45 million UK users' personal data.
The Oklahoma station later called the star, who has 32 Grammy awards, an "icon".
A New York judge refused to dismiss a hush money case against the former president and set the trial for 25 March.
With each line given separate colours, the rebrand means major changes to London's famous Tube map.
France striker Kylian Mbappe tells Paris St-Germain he intends to leave the club at the end of the season.
Charles Kinston, 23, was found fatally shot in a field in Derbyshire, police say.
Queen Camilla gathers one of the most star-studded line-ups of illustrious British acting talent.
The calf was captured on film being taught by their pod to hunt seabirds off the coast of the Scottish Islands.
Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle comes face to face with Jonathan the 192-year-old giant tortoise.
The pair returned to Sarajevo, Bosnia-Herzegovina, where they won a gold medal for their performance at the Winter Olympics.
Crystal Palace say manager Roy Hodgson is stable in hospital after having "taken ill" during training amid reports he is set to be sacked.
The crash, involving a van and a taxi, happened on Leeds Ring Road near Rodley on Monday evening.
Michael van Gerwen makes it successive weekly Premier League wins with a 6-5 victory over Luke Humphries in Glasgow.
England will rue the chances missed on day one of the third Test in India, says former captain Michael Vaughan.
Hull KR score five tries to beat rivals Hull FC, who have two players sent off, in the first match of the Super League season.
Great Britain's Laura Stephens wins maiden world title in women's 200m butterfly at World Aquatics Championships in Doha.
Six Nations Rugby Special pundits Ugo Monye, Chris Ashton and Jonathan Davies analyse Ireland fly-half Jack Crowley after another good performance.
Tiger Woods hit five birdies and five bogeys as he made his return to the PGA Tour at the Genesis Invitational in California.
British number one Cameron Norrie will drop out of the world's top 20 players after losing to Federico Coria in the second round of the Argentina Open.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
Sarah Rainsford on how Putin's opponent never abandoned his belief in "the beautiful Russia of the future".
Labour's by-election victories weren't surprising - but that only adds to the Tories' sense of doom.
Six-time Olympic cycling champion Sir Chris Hoy says he is "optimistic, positive and surrounded by love" after revealing cancer diagnosis.
One woman died and more than 20 others were injured when gunfire erupted at the Kansas City parade.
Reports claim the work could be in preparation for Palestinian refugees - something Egypt publicly denies.
The Labour leader's tax bill was lower than Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, who paid £508,308 last year.
The prince tells US TV he "jumped on a plane" as soon as possible to see his father following the diagnosis.
Darrien Williams,16, was attacked in Rawnsley Park in Easton, Bristol, on Wednesday.
The Succession star appears in a stage adaptation of Oscar Wilde's novel The Picture of Dorian Gray.
India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin pulls out of the third Test against England in Rajkot because of a family emergency.
Jan Gholami must serve at least 23-and-a-half years for murdering his two-year-old adopted daughter.
A funeral director sends about 40 Valentine's cards to residents at a Surrey care home.
With Russia on the verge of taking Avdiivka, the Ukrainians have tough choices to make.
The quest to stop the slaughter of working donkeys, as demand grows for a traditional remedy made from their skin.
Extremely potent greenhouse gas leaked from a Kazakh well for over six months.
How closely have you been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days?
Legal experts say even someone with Trump's wealth will struggle - and he may need to sell assets.
Keir Starmer's party overturned big Conservative majorities in Wellingborough and Kingswood.
Why the war between the big games console makers may be coming to an end.
As London Fashion Week marks four decades of creativity, we look back at some memorable moments.
There's huge demand for low and no-alcohol beer and breweries are competing for the best flavour.
The film, a viral streaming hit, marks a new era for audiences, viewing habits - and awards season.
BBC Verify has analysed the latest satellite image from the city in southern Gaza.
The actress said her face was "puffier" due to her dealing with "medical and hormonal" issues.
The influencer was detained after claiming to have been abducted in the port city of Sihanoukville.
Ben Shephard and Cat Deeley replace Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby on the ITV daytime show.
Sussex Police says two arrests have been made in connection with the incident in Newhaven.
Made in Chelsea star Jamie Laing will join Vick Hope to host Going Home on Radio 1 from March.
The prosecutor says Iain Packer showed a pattern of violent behaviour which culminated in the murder of Emma Caldwell.
The Beach Boys star will "remain at home" and "continue to work" at his discretion, the family says.
Further damage is reported at Nasser, as Israel says it has captured 7 October attackers there.
Manchester City end Chelsea's 22-game unbeaten run at home to move level on points at the top of the Women's Super League table.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola accepts responsibility for Cole Palmer wanting to join Chelsea.
Ange Postecoglou praises Son Heung-min's "high standards" after the Tottenham skipper dislocates a finger in an incident on the eve of South Korea's Asian Cup semi-final exit.
Tiger Woods is forced to withdraw due to illness in the second round of his PGA Tour return at the Genesis Invitational in California.
Ryan Fraser and David Brooks get the goals as Southampton go second in the Championship with victory at West Bromwich Albion.
Manchester City have taken a "big step" in the Women's Super League title race, says manager Gareth Taylor.
Leeds fight back to open their Super League campaign with a 22-16 win over Salford at Headingley.
Many believe the opposition leader paid the ultimate price for opposing Putin - what do we know?
See key moments in Alexei Navalny's career as an outspoken critic of President Putin.
Alexei Navalny's wife says Vladimir Putin "will be brought to justice", after her husband was reported to have died in prison.
The opposition leader was famed for his dry wit which he often directed at Putin.
News of Alexei Navalny's death will worsen relations between Russia and the west, Steve Rosenberg says.
Russian anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Navalny was the main opposition threat to the Kremlin.
Yulia Navalnaya tells a conference in Munich she doesn't know whether the "horrible news" is true.
Polling expert Prof Sir John Curtice says the party will be worried by the scale of its defeats by Labour.
Reform UK's co-founder predicts he will end up in the same party as Tory MPs like Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg.
The PM says there were “particularly challenging” circumstances in two-by-elections his party lost to Labour.
A UK general election has to be held by 28 January 2025, but could take place earlier.
Labour has overturned a large Conservative majority to win the Kingswood by-election.
New Wellingborough MP Gen Kitchen tells her supporters she's "delighted", after her by-election victory.
The former Brexit Party scored its best ever by-election results as Labour seized two safe Tory seats.
An ally of the opposition activist, who died on Friday, says officials are "trying to cover traces".
Ukraine's leader says Russia's Vladimir Putin will unleash a catastrophe if he is allowed to win the war.
Israel's PM Benjamin Netanyahu vows to carry on the war against Hamas regardless of international pressure.
The results this week are as much about Conservative voters staying home as it is about them turning to Labour.
A group of 61 held in a camp on Diego Garcia tell UN inspectors of sexual assaults, rat bites and self-harm.
The final identities have been revealed as the ITV reality singing show comes to an end.
A scathing judgment limits the former president's ability to do business in the city where he made his name.
The presenter thanks his listeners and says he will miss his "partner in crime", Vick Hope.
Marieme and Ndeye, seven, were not expected to survive for more than a few days after they were born.
The craters are discovered on private land, within months of two others being found nearby.
The march calling for a ceasefire in the Israel-Gaza war is making its way to the Israeli embassy.
Rodri's late goal denies Chelsea victory and maintains Manchester City's long unbeaten home record in the Premier League.
The pages had been left in a west London flat the actor rented in the 1970s.
With Western supplies to Ukraine faltering, Russia is making its size matter but the outcome is far from certain.
Some patients, especially newborns, need specially tested blood to ensure it does not cause harm.
Only those accused of the very worst crimes are sent to IK-3, the strictest penal colony imaginable.
You will need every available exam session to sit all your papers, and each can cost more than £50.
A dedicated cosplayer gives a glimpse into the world of conventions and events across Britain.
Betty was told gay people would go to hell, but wants to start an accepting, loving church for all.
D&D has been popping up across popular culture, including Stranger Things and Baldur's Gate 3.
Canada's wildfire season is not over, with dozens of winter fires still burning beneath the soil.
Changes to hair length regulations will come into effect in April in a bid to attract new recruits.
BBC Weather's Kawser Quamer went into a bit too much detail in her forecast on North West Tonight.
Protests were held in Newport and Port Talbot - where major Tata sites are based.
The 1975 documentary was discovered on eBay and will now be screened in the cinema again.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Oppenheimer and Poor Things are the leading contenders for this year's British Academy Film Awards.
A student union leader says the situation for some is "desperate" as they are "at breaking point".
Six people were taken to hospital after migrants were found in a lorry aboard a ferry in Sussex.
Former South Africa all-rounder Mike Procter dies aged 77, his family say.
England are fabulously entertaining, but must learn to adapt if they want to become a great team, says Stephan Shemilt.
It has been a dazzling start to 2024 in the Premier League for Arsenal as they aim to win the title for the first time in 20 years.
Brendan Rodgers admits Celtic's performances are not good enough, but what has gone wrong in the manager's second spell?
Match of the Day's Gary Lineker, Danny Murphy & Shay Given discuss how Liverpool continue their Premier League title charge despite injuries piling up.
Gary Lineker, Shay Given & Danny Murphy discuss Martin Odergaard's "special performance" and how the Gunners "have a real chance of winning the Premier League".
Arsenal produce a statement victory to ensure their WSL title challenge is not over, while dealing a serious blow to Manchester United's Champions League prospects.
In a country where dissent has been silenced, just laying flowers is an act of courage, writes Steve Rosenberg.
Across the country people have been forcibly taken away for leaving flowers and tributes for the deceased political activist.
A 42-year-old woman is held after three young children are found dead at a house in Bristol.
A war cabinet member says unless Hamas frees all hostages by 10 March an assault will begin in Rafah.
Doctors in Gaza say the healthcare system is broken and they are operating on people without anaesthetic.
The 15-year-olds are charged with the murder of 16-year-old Darrian Williams in Bristol.
Cillian Murphy, Robert Downey Jr and Christopher Nolan all win Bafta Film Awards for Oppenheimer.
The actor, who lives with Parkinson's disease, got up from his wheelchair to present best film award.
Business secretary says claims made by Henry Staunton over his dismissal are a "misrepresentation".
The Labour leader responds to pressure over his stance on a ceasefire ahead of a Commons vote.
The child was with his family when he fell into the River Soar near Aylestone on Sunday, police say.
The country has long struggled with tribal violence, but the killings are believed to be the worst in years.
Diplomats in Moscow pay their respects to the Russian opposition leader who died in prison on Friday.
Brazil's president is accused by Israel of "crossing a red line" after he made the comparison in a speech.
Fans joke that the star's appearance is the UK version of Taylor Swift at the Super Bowl.
Big names from films like Barbie, Oppenheimer and Saltburn step out at the British awards ceremony.
Laughter and tears for winners at the Bafta Awards 2024 in London.
A campaign by social media users in Chile seeks the repatriation of Hoa Hakananai'a moai to the island.
The best course of action will vary depending on the situation, dog behaviour experts explain.
TfL spoke to historians and delved into archives to seek inspiration for new line names.
Marieme and Ndeye, seven, were not expected to survive for more than a few days after they were born.
African fine dining is often overlooked, but now restaurants are getting their just deserts.
The early release of Ridge Alkonis, who killed two in a car accident, stirs unease over US-Japan relations.
Known by her stage name Fearless Nadia, Mary Ann Evans ruled the Indian box office in the 1930s and 40s.
Channel 4, which owns the channel, says it will soon be "unprofitable" due to declining audiences.
The actor recalls when he spoke to the Duke of Sussex about playing his grandfather in The Crown.
The Radio 2 show opens with a tribute to DJ Steve Wright, its long-time host, who died this week.
Australian three-time Olympic medallist Shane Rose is stood down from competition for wearing a mankini during a show jumping event.
The chimes that tell MPs in pubs it is time to vote seem to be dying out.
Ahead of his visit, the foreign secretary says the Islands will be British as long as they want to be.
Former workers at X's Africa base say they have got their severance pay after a year-long campaign.
The Duchy of Cornwall announces plans to build accommodation for homeless in Newquay.
Israeli forces say intelligence suggested hostages were being held at the Nasser site by Hamas.
The Israeli prime minister's popularity has declined among Israelis after the 7 October Hamas attacks.
Thaksin Shinawatra, one of Thailand's most divisive figures, was convicted last year on corruption charges.
It means those on the earliest visas will be allowed to stay in the UK until at least September 2026.
The ex-president promoted gold-coloured shoes priced at $399 at a sneaker convention in Philadelphia.
Kamal, from the occupied West Bank, had a well-paid job in Israel before the Hamas attacks - now he is in poverty.
Manchester United earn a vital win in their fight for European qualification thanks to Rasmus Hojlund's double in a fast start at Luton.
England scrum-half Alex Mitchell will miss the Six Nations match against Scotland with a knee injury.
Leah Williamson withdraws from her first England squad since April after injuring her hamstring.
Formula 1 urges Red Bull to resolve the controversy surrounding team principal Christian Horner "as soon as possible".
England captain Harry Kane's late goal at Bochum is not enough as Bayern Munich suffer their third defeat in nine days.
The director of the 2022 Oscar-winning film speaks of his shock at the death of Alexei Navalny.
In a video message, Yulia Navalnaya also accused the Kremlin of being behind her husband's death in a Siberian jail.
The business secretary and ex-Post Office chair have clashed over comments about compensation.
The children, aged seven, three and nine months old, were discovered by officers on Sunday.
Former spy chief tells BBC that Benjamin Netanyahu didn't act on advice to hit the group's money streams.
Crystal Palace name former Eintracht Frankfurt boss Oliver Glasner their new manager, replacing Roy Hodgson who stepped down on Monday.
The second challenge to plans for a two-mile tunnel at the World Heritage site has been dismissed.
Israel's military says it hit weapons depots in response to a drone launched by Hezbollah.
The dancer was filming the second series of Dare to Dance when she was diagnosed with cancer.
She also told detectives she debated handing herself in two weeks after their baby died.
A "nauseating" stench engulfing the South African city comes from a ship carrying 19,000 cows, officials say.
Rishi Sunak is to unveil support for farming and food production, at the NFU's annual conference.
"I know the justice system will prevail," he says - but the lottery claims to have posted his numbers in error.
The dome-like Tudor Crown is replacing Queen Elizabeth II's preferred cypher on government webpages.
Indirect talks between Israel and Hamas have not brought the war to an end - and a pivotal few weeks looms.
Yulia Navalnaya kept a low profile in the past, but her husband's death could see her take a more public role.
Education Secretary Gillian Keegan made claims about mobile phones in schools and education funding.
Inflation is down and "vibes" are up - but younger Americans especially remain sceptical after the pain of soaring prices.
In Lyman, eastern Ukraine, some want peace on any terms, while others still hope for victory.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is facing extradition to the US for revealing military secrets.
Karen Cook has a rare condition called pain hyperacusis which causes crippling and debilitating pain.
The government says it will help 'minimise disruption and improve behaviour in classrooms' in England.
Freya delivered her 9lbs 8oz son with no pain relief while her mum drove her to hospital.
Leaked documents show that UK Special Forces had veto power over applications from Afghan counterparts.
From the summer, planning permission may be needed to turn homes into new short-term lets.
The star helped to pay legal costs and expenses to his ex-colleague after their affair became public.
Opposition parties say closing the scheme "without warning" is "cruel".
Alex Dawson has been named Underwater Photographer of the Year, for an image of a diver finding whale bones.
The comedian will perform at the opening of the 23,500-seater Co-op Live venue in Manchester.
The bird species do not usually start building their nests until early March.
Right to roam campaigners say hundreds of "open country" locations are inaccessible to the public.
Party bags of cannisters and other illegal drugs were found after a car was pulled over by police.
Two sculptures from a shortlist of seven will be picked to stand in Trafalgar Square for two years.
Brewdog claimed the company and its CEO James Watt were treated unfairly by a programme entitled The Truth about Brewdog.
Patients are facing delays for ongoing cancer care, heart check-ups and eye treatment in England.
Animal welfare charities welcome the African Union decision to ban the donkey skin trade across the continent.
The broadcast regulator says it received around 500 complaints about a special programme on the network.
Two Treasury ministers, Laura Trott and Bim Afolami, have been criticised over recent claims on tax cuts.
The vote in favour of a strike could see junior doctors take part in a 24-hour walkout in March.
Australian three-time Olympic medallist Shane Rose is stood down from competition for wearing a mankini during a show jumping event.
Experts are particularly worried about the proportion of younger people whose health is at risk.
Stella Assange said an emergency injunction could be sought if he loses Tuesday's court case.
Amadou Onana's header lifts Everton out of the Premier League's bottom three as they rescue a point against Crystal Palace at Goodison Park.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
As Oliver Glasner replaces Roy Hodgson as Crystal Palace manager, BBC Sport looks at the Austrian with a "genuine talent for revitalising sides" and an "intensity akin to Jurgen Klopp".
Roy Hodgson's nomadic 48-year career in management took him around the world but has surely ended at the place he called home - Crystal Palace.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola apologises to Kalvin Phillips for saying the midfielder was "overweight" on his return from the Qatar World Cup.
Josh Kerr and Laura Muir are named in the Great Britain and Northern Ireland team for March's World Athletics Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
After scoring in the 1-1 draw at Everton, Crystal Palace forward Jordan Ayew says Roy Hodgson was "a father figure" to him, on the day the 76-year-old stepped down as manager at Selhurst Park.
Big names from films like Barbie, Oppenheimer and Saltburn step out at the British awards ceremony.
A YouTuber gatecrashed the speech for best film, alongside Christopher Nolan and Cillian Murphy.
See all the winners from this year's Bafta Film Awards, which have been taking place in London.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
Some people have been earning thousands selling clothes and other items since they were in school.
The Prince of Wales says he wants to see an "end to the fighting as soon as possible" in Middle East.
The police hunted Abdul Shokoor Ezedi after a mother and two girls were hurt with a corrosive liquid.
He appeared on the BBC show between 2010 and 2013, partnering with Patsy Kensit and Anita Dobson.
The dancer was on the show between 2010 and 2013, partnering with Patsy Kensit and Anita Dobson.
Reports about the carers' visa system and security checks on private jets had appeared in newspapers.
Sir Jim Ratcliffe completes a deal that gives him a 27.7% stake in Manchester United - worth more than £1bn - with the Glazer family retaining a majority stake.
The former influencer is sentenced to between four and 60 years in prison for abusing her children.
Nikki Haley avoided mentioning her former boss during the first months of 2023 but that's changed in 2024.
The two men charged are in addition to the two teens who were arrested last week for their alleged involvement.
The Russian president says Moscow has always been "categorically against" such deployments.
The Wikileaks founder's legal team tell the High Court that his extradition will go against UK law.
Shadow foreign secretary David Lammy says the party's call mirrors the language of the UN and international allies.
The All Stars format was a big switch up for ITV, but it doesn't seem to have revived the series.
A surprise appearance from the supermodel topped off the 40th anniversary celebrations.
Yulia Navalnaya has made a dramatic and deliberate move to the forefront of Russian opposition politics.
Authorities say a fine will be issued after "excessive amounts of methane" were found in the air.
Fans who watched and met late Strictly Come Dancing pro dancer Robin Windsor share their memories.
Salad crops are grown indoors under lights three times faster than in traditional agriculture.
The increase in police inquiries in England and Wales is unprecedented, an abortion provider says.
Russia has taken the mercenary group into its intelligence services, using it to destabilise Africa.
People have been evacuated from houses on a residential street after the discovery in Plymouth.
Astronomers report an object that shines with a brightness equivalent to 500 trillion suns.
Lyudmila Navalnaya calls on the Russian president to allow her to give her son Alexei a decent burial.
Johnny Mercer tells public inquiry he does not believe SAS accounts of Afghan operations.
The price per unit will now be displayed alongside the total price to make it easier to compare deals.
Hundreds of staff will lose their jobs at head office and in stores, with closures starting immediately.
The Luton Town defender collapsed on the pitch after a cardiac arrest last December.
The medicine will only be available with a prescription because of rising reports of misuse.
Millions of households are expected to see their council tax bills rise in April.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Some people have been earning thousands selling clothes and other items since they were in school.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Schools in England given new guidance on stopping mobile phone use
A look back at highlights from the ceremony and behind the scenes.
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Valdo Calocane's sentence will be reviewed after the attorney general said it was unduly lenient.
A Belfast GAA stadium and Narrow Water Bridge are among the projects to benefit from the scheme
Iain Packer's defence counsel asks the jury to focus on the evidence and not "rumour, gossip and innuendo".
Ministers hail a turning point as the first official data shows drivers' speeds drop.
Erling Haaland scores a vital winner 19 minutes from time as Manchester City eventually break stubborn Brentford's resistance to close within a point of the Premier League summit.
Pep Guardiola tells Erling Haaland's critics "he will shut your mouth" after the Manchester City striker hits the winner against Brentford in the Premier League.
Andy Murray earns his first win of the 2024 season with a superb performance to beat France's Alexandre Muller in the Qatar Open first round.
BBC Sport remembers former Germany defender Andreas Brehme, who scored the winning goal in the 1990 World Cup final and has died aged 63.
India rest pace bowler Jasprit Bumrah for the fourth Test against England in Ranchi, starting on Friday.
British boxing trailblazer Chantelle Cameron has stopped working with trainer Jamie Moore.
Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle apologises after being accused of allowing the debate to be "hijacked" by Labour.
The Speaker of the House of Commons apologises to MPs following a fractious debate over Gaza ceasefire votes.
Key parts of a critical report on the counter-terror scheme have been ignored, its writer says.
The King was seen back at work on official duties for the first time since his cancer treatment.
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville was on board the Jordanian plane tasked with delivering the aid.
Houthi claims to have sunk the Rubymar on Monday appear to be incorrect.
Reports of Russian shortages come as concerns over the provision of Western weapons to Ukraine mount.
New Manchester United co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe says his "preference" is to build a new stadium that can also "serve the north of England".
Co-star Ricky Gervais described the actor, who played Big Keith in the show, as an "absolute original".
The high-ranking Catholic was arrested after a long investigation and has always denied wrongdoing.
The New Zealand-born broadcaster says in a statement that he has been "completely cleared".
Police say those who are going to be affected by the widening of the cordon will be notified.
Lawyers for the US say the WikiLeaks founder revealed identities of sources and must face justice.
Shrapnel ripped through the tents of displaced Palestinians as the Israeli military rescued two hostages.
The BBC meets the troll-hunting unit that striker Neal Maupay called when his family were threatened online.
Four of the world's best-selling acts last year were K-Pop bands, including Seventeen and Stray Kids.
Russia has made limited advances along the front line, with the war in Ukraine about to enter its third year.
The well-known tower, which once dominated London's skyline, has been sold for £275m.
The Christian church, known as The Truth, has been recently rocked by a sexual abuse scandal.
Ruby says she was "let down" by police as she calls for more support for sexually abused children.
The veteran ERS-2 Earth observation spacecraft dives to destruction 2,000km west of California.
The Association of Rape Crisis Centers in Israel found "identical patterns" at 7 October attack sites.
Footage shows desperation as crowds rush to aid deliveries.
A search for Xielo Maruziva, who fell into a river in Leicester on Sunday, is into its fourth day.
The missile's booster rockets reportedly failed during the test firing but the government says it has "absolute confidence" in the UK's nuclear deterrent.
Microsoft's Grounded, Pentiment, Hi-Fi Rush and Sea of Thieves are being made available to rivals.
The pair were named in the New Year Honours list for their brain injury recovery charity work.
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
Bank of England interest rates affect the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
Speaker under pressure after chaotic scenes over Gaza ceasefire votes
Relatives of the victims are told there is insufficient evidence to prosecute a former RUC officer.
Jeremy Miles spoke on a TV debate as protests escalate over controversial changes to farm payments.
Arsenal are stunned as Galeno scores in stoppage time to give Porto the advantage from the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
Liverpool move four points clear at the top of the Premier League table after coming from behind to beat Luton at Anfield.
New Manchester United co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe says his "preference" is to build a new stadium that can also "serve the north of England".
England captain Ben Stokes could bowl in the fourth Test against India after he had a net session with the ball before the match in Ranchi.
US Open champion Coco Gauff says a long disagreement with the umpire helped her beat Karolina Pliskova to reach the Dubai quarter-finals.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen makes an ominous start to Formula 1 pre-season testing with a lap time more than a second clear of the field.
Victor Osimhen scores in his first Napoli match since December as Barcelona are held to a 1-1 draw in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie.
The Odysseus has successfully touched down near the Moon's South Pole, after a nervy search for its signal.
Tory and SNP MPs call for a confidence vote on Sir Lindsay Hoyle amid a row over his position.
It is feared people are still trapped inside the 14-storey residential building ablaze in Valencia.
A high-rise blaze in the Spanish city of Valencia is being tackled by more than 20 fire crews.
The mother of the dead Putin critic says Russian authorities are pressuring her to allow a "secret" burial.
A jury finds Ben Leonard was unlawfully killed when he fell 200ft from cliffs on a scout trip.
Blood-stained clothes belonging to the couple were found in a bin and police are worried for their safety.
A care team for the US talk show host shared the update "to correct inaccurate and hurtful rumours".
Legislation to exonerate wrongly convicted sub-postmasters is expected to come into effect in July.
HSBC, NatWest and Virgin Money are all increasing mortgage rates continuing a frantic start to the year.
The Old Bailey heard while police were searching for her she had more than £19,000 put into her account.
Robin Windsor's family also ask for the "constant" speculation around the 44-year-old's death to stop.
A charity says there have been 2,010 Islamophobic incidents in the last four months.
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville joins flights dropping aid into Gaza and flying out civilians.
The BBC's Russia Editor reports on a catalogue of drama, bloodshed and tragedy since the war began.
SNP Westminster leader Stephen Flynn says the Speaker has lost his party's confidence and can not carry on.
West Yorkshire Police has been accused of letting down women who were killed despite seeking its help
The case stems from a lawsuit brought by three couples whose frozen embryos were lost at a clinic.
Dozens of children were orphaned the day a missile hit the village of Hroza in October 2023, killing 59.
The actor stars in a true story of a poison pen letter that pitted two neighbours against each other.
Wendy Mitchell was diagnosed with early-onset dementia in 2014.
Guinness World Records says it has no evidence that Bobi really lived to the claimed age of 31.
The series follows the success of Mr Bates Vs the Post Office, which drew in over 10m viewers.
Nineteen members of a criminal network operating in the English Channel were arrested, investigators said.
Hannah Gutierrez-Reed is accused of involuntary manslaughter and evidence tampering over Halyna Hutchins' death.
When the lifeboat arrived, they discovered two members of the crew clinging onto a life-raft.
A court in Spain has sentenced Alves, who played for Barcelona and Brazil, to four and a half years.
Ofgem is set to announce the new price cap which will take effect in April.
Some people have been earning thousands selling clothes and other items since they were in school.
Positronium has the potential to revolutionise physics but the elusive substance had been too hot to handle.
More than 60 MPs say they have no confidence in the Speaker of the House of Commons
Chief Constable Kate Meynell says the actions of some staff were "totally unacceptable".
A Northern Ireland family appeal for urgent help to get their surrogate baby out of Ukraine.
New Manchester United co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe did not duck difficult questions - but will be judged by fans on results, not words, writes BBC sports editor Dan Roan.
England captain Jamie George says Saturday's game against Scotland will be a "special one" following the death of his mother.
Michael van Gerwen makes it three successive nightly wins in the Premier League of Darts with a 6-4 victory over Nathan Aspinall in Newcastle.
Hull KR begin the 2024 Super League season with a second victory as they overcome Leeds Rhinos.
England forward Beth Mead is set to work with Fifa to share knowledge on anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) injuries, alongside Arsenal team-mate Vivianne Miedema.
BBC Sport challenges former England wing Ugo Monye and ex-Scotland captain John Barclay to say nice things about their Calcutta Cup rivals before Saturday's Six Nations showdown.
The negative reaction to England's third Test defeat by India was disproportionate and they will not change their approach for the fourth Test. says Stephan Shemilt.
Thousands of people were displaced as the 500kg bomb was transported through Plymouth.
Cladding as well as high winds are being blamed for the flame in the 14-floor complex in Valencia.
Several clinics paused treatment after a court ruled frozen embryos have the same rights as children.
The Putin critic's spokeswoman says his mother was told he would be buried in the prison if she did not agree.
Palace aides reveal a joke about a dog having to wear a protective cone amused the King.
Amy Dowden took to social media to reveal her good news after being diagnosed with cancer.
An A-50 aircraft is reportedly shot down over Russia, more than 200km from the front line.
Saturday marks two years since Russian President Vladimir Putin launched his full-scale invasion.
NHS bosses warn of significant disruption to services in England during the five-day walkout.
Under the law backed by MPs, possession will be legal, but strict rules mean it will be complicated.
The history-making robot likely caught its foot on a rock and fell on its side, US operator says.
Police say Abdul Shokoor Ezedi, the suspect behind last month's chemical attack, died by drowning.
Georgia Ball was approached by a male golfer who "mansplained" the sport to here, while she was filming a video for TikTok.
The director behind Oscar-nominated sci-fi film The Creator says he adopted a "guerrilla" approach.
Gala Kotova says "everything was burning really fast" as she escaped with her nine-year old son.
World cycling champion Emma Finucane, 21, talks earrings, sacrifices and Olympic dreams.
After a commercial aircraft raced over the Atlantic this week, Simon King explains how climate change might make journey times quicker but bumpier in the future.
Odysseus' successful landing has sparked excitement around a possible expansion of the lunar economy.
Like most Ukrainian soldiers, Maj Oleh Kravchenko was not prepared for the brutality of Russia's invasion.
The presenter is taking over from DJ Ace, who left the the station after 21 years.
The object has been determined to be non-threatening, but its origin and purpose were unknown.
Scarlet Blake had a "fixation with violence" and "knowing what it would feel like to kill someone".
The rapper forfeits his award after making abusive comments towards Jewish critics and others.
Experts say highly flammable cladding may have helped the fire spread.
The former chief executive has forfeited the honour following the Horizon IT scandal.
The star played Fred Elliott, a character best known for his booming voice, in the ITV soap.
The spouse of a BP deal manager allegedly picked up details of a takeover while they both worked from home.
Parents in England wanting 15 hours free childcare for two-year-olds face an important deadline.
Ofgem has announced a new price cap that will see bills fall from April.
No Return for Shamima Begum
The search for online hate at the world's biggest football league.
Three week old Jaunty Beau won't receive his travel document for at least another week.
The Scottish government's draft legislation follows a UK-wide consultation on vapes last year.
One-year-old Pearl was killed when a Range Rover rolled from a driveway, knocking a wall on to her.
Follow live BBC One coverage from the NBA as the Philadelphia 76ers host the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Midfielder Grace Clinton scores on her debut as England put seven past Austria in a friendly match in Spain.
Second-placed Leeds United score three late goals to complete a stunning turnaround against Championship leaders Leicester.
Joe Root's flawless hundred in the fourth Test against India proves that he and England can adapt their methods, writes Stephan Shemilt.
Where will Saturday's game at Murrayfield between Scotland and England be won or lost? Will it be a fourth win in a row for Scotland over their rivals? Or will England stop the run?
Liverpool will aim to stay on course for a quadruple in Sunday's EFL Cup final, while Chelsea bid for their first domestic trophy in six years.
England's Ben Earl answers BBC Sport's quick-fire questions about his team-mates before their Six Nations game with Scotland.
The former president continues his march towards the Republican nomination with a projected win in his rival's home state.
The party suspends Lee Anderson over claims "Islamists" had "got control" of London Mayor Sadiq Khan.
Alexei Navalny's mother has been demanding the return of his body since his death in a Russian prison.
The US says the allies targeted 18 sites, including missile storages, drones and radars.
It appears that the week of mayhem in the Commons was influenced not by information, but intimidation.
Sara Jorge and her boyfriend say they were saved by a mixture of luck and a desire to live.
Paul Adams examines why agencies are unable to get desperately needed aid into the Gaza Strip.
King Charles rallies international support for the "true valour" of Ukraine's war against Russia.
The victims were killed in separate, unrelated incidents in the Austrian capital on Friday.
Duhan van der Merwe becomes the first Scotland player to score a Calcutta Cup hat-trick as the hosts rack up a fourth successive Six Nations victory over England at Murrayfield.
Former England and Queens Park Rangers forward Stan Bowles dies aged 75.
The former Labour leader is the independent MP for Islington North after being suspended from the party.
The talk show host says she feels "immense gratitude" for the supportive messages sent to her.
Ukrainians may be fatigued by the war, but they still see it as a fight for survival.
The BBC's Joe Inwood reflects on two years since Russia launched its full scale invasion of Ukraine.
With Western supplies to Ukraine faltering, Russia is making its size matter but the outcome is far from certain.
Russia has made limited advances along the front line, with the war in Ukraine about to enter its third year.
The BBC's Russia Editor reports on a catalogue of drama, bloodshed and tragedy since the war began.
Piers Morgan and Oprah have criticised the use of AI deepfake ads used to promote a "manifestation" guide.
First broadcast 25 years ago, Queer as Folk depicted three gay men in a way not seen on TV before.
Daniel Sebastian Allen will spend at least 29 years in prison for the killings in County Fermanagh.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Over the past two years, Western nations have imposed sanctions on Russia for invading Ukraine.
Ms Kallas says leaders risk ignoring lessons from 1930s and 1940s as war continues to rage in Europe.
Clashes erupt between security forces and farmers protesting at the presence of President Macron.
Plans for the doctors' regulator to license less-qualified health workers are under attack.
NHS bosses warn of significant disruption to services in England during the five-day walkout.
A walker stumbles on the theme park boat by the River Sheaf in Sheffield.
Presenter Steve Wright was the "ringmaster" bringing everyone together in "mayhem", say colleagues.
Julian Martin's partner is calling for changes to the way the 999 system operates.
Trevor Nelson presents an orchestral reimagining of Bob Marley’s greatest hits.
Why choosing whole grains can help your heart, your microbiome and your blood sugar.
A shocking incident rocks an industrial town and changes the Driscolls' lives for ever.
Delia Smith, cookery writer, shares the soundtrack of her life with Lauren Laverne.
The Conservatives say Anderson refused to apologise
Exploring 9 amazing space missions.
More than 10,000 people had to move out for a military convoy carrying an unexploded WW2 device.
A 22-year-old man is due to appear before an extradition court in Belfast on Sunday.
Laura McClelland says the extent of the harms caused by Covid are yet to be fully appreciated.
Scotland winger Duhan van der Merwe made the difference as his hat-trick broke England in the Calcutta Cup at Murrayfield.
"Efficient" Arsenal are showing they have "no fear" as they maintain their momentum in the title race with a big win against Newcastle.
Wigan win a dramatic World Club Challenge against Penrith Panthers after being on the right end of two key video reviews.
Watch as Scotland's Duhan van der Merwe bursts free to score a sensational long-range solo try against England in the Calcutta Cup at Murrayfield.
Ireland head coach Andy Farrell praises his side's "resilience" and "tenacity" after overcoming Wales to stay on course for a second straight Grand Slam.
Pep Guardiola calls his Man City players "supermen" as they keep up their chase for a fourth straight Premier League title by beating Bournemouth.
Suspended MP Lee Anderson saying Sadiq Khan is controlled by "Islamists" has led to a wave of criticism.
It is rare for officials to say how many Ukrainian soldiers have died since Russia's full-scale invasion.
After Alabama rules that frozen embryos are children, some fertility patients pray that lawmakers find a solution.
Jair Bolsonaro, who lost to his bitter rival in 2022, tells a rally he is a victim of political persecution.
The Post Office says the team will look into allegations that have emerged during a public inquiry.
An investigation into the incident under way, which happened in Washington DC.
It the latest atrocity in the country to be attributed to Islamist militants.
Virgil van Dijk heads home deep into extra time to win the EFL Cup for Liverpool in a captivating final against Chelsea at Wembley.
It comes as police break up protests in Tel Aviv calling for the prime minister's resignation.
A Georgian cloth hall and a huge flour mill are among the buildings to have been rescued in England.
Houthi attacks are increasing costs and causing delays, the British Chambers of Commerce says.
Animal rights groups declared the move a "landmark order" that would protect against exploitation.
Rhian Williams urges people to stay on public footpaths as movie fans flock to a stately home.
A deepening row about Islamophobia and figures on worker sickness feature on Monday's front pages.
The festival marks the end of Lunar New Year festivities - this year is Year of the Dragon.
A convoy drives 2,000 miles from south Wales to Ukraine to repay a 40-year-old favour.
More than 40 years have passed since Glasgow's Harbour Tunnel closed to the public.
Women take part despite some in the community suggesting it should remain a men-only event.
The pop star talks about her sex-positive EP, and why artists need to take a stand over royalties.
The challenge saw 27 groups walk across the capital, visiting all but one of London's Tube stations.
Serhiy suffered catastrophic injuries - including losing both his legs - when an anti-tank mine blew up his vehicle.
The former president moves closer to the Republican nomination with a huge win in his rival's home state.
Paolo Garbisi's injury-time penalty hit the post as Italy were denied a first win in France during the Six Nations.
The 17-year-old was found after going missing in the water, prompting a search lasting almost 20 hours.
Former Northern Ireland, Southampton and Aston Villa defender Chris Nicholl passes away at the age of 77.
Supermarket delivery driver Joe Dean - the world number 2,930 - wins £170,000 by finishing joint second at the Kenya Open.
The Deputy PM has refused to say whether Anderson’s comments were Islamophobic.
A 72-hour strike due to take place this week is suspended after talks between unions and Translink.
Motherwell residents say they are "disturbed" by scarce details and fear an attacker could be in the area.
Mark Lang was killed by a man who was stealing his parcel delivery van.
Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool defy logic with their Carabao Cup final win over Chelsea, and there is every chance they are not finished yet.
Liverpool's dramatic EFL Cup triumph leaves pundits purring over "Klopp's kids" - and slating "billion-pound bottle-jobs" Chelsea.
England's hopes of forcing a series decider fade dramatically in the face of a stirring India fightback on day three of the fourth Test.
Former Northern Ireland, Southampton and Aston Villa defender Chris Nicholl passes away at the age of 77.
Italy's Paolo Garbisi hits the post with a last-minute penalty as their Six Nations match with France in Lille finishes as a 13-13 draw.
Pablo Sarabia's first-half header gives Wolves a hard-fought Premier League win over bottom club Sheffield United at Molineux.
Rishi Sunak says the MP's words were wrong but avoids labelling them Islamophobic.
Hungary ratifies Sweden's application to the military alliance after delaying its approval.
Ahmad al-Ghuferi's wife, mother and daughters were killed when a strike hit the home where they sheltered.
Mohammed Shtayyeh's decision to step down could pave the way for a technocratic government.
Clinical Ellis Simms scores a first-half hat-trick for Coventry to end Maidstone's hopes of landing another piece of FA Cup history.
Kelsey Brown was bleeding for hours before she was offered a blood transfusion, a court heard.
Volunteers from the RNLI said it was "incredible to witness" the two adults and a calf swimming in the river.
Maria Pevchikh claims the Russian opposition leader was set to be exchanged for a hitman when he died.
Secret Service agents extinguished the flames during the incident on Sunday afternoon.
The search area has also widened after two-year-old Xielo Maruziva fell into the River Soar.
A video purporting to show the threat to Simon Danczuk has been posted on X by Reform UK.
Authorities in Grenada believe the couple were thrown into the sea by three escaped inmates.
Video shows the British Airways aircraft approaching the runway almost side-on, before taking off again.
A number of Tuesday's papers trail next week's Budget, while others report on the Tory Islamophobia row.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will set out the government's tax and spending plans in the spring Budget.
Ofgem has announced a new price cap that will see bills fall from April.
Sweden is on the verge of joining the Western military alliance Nato.
The Conservatives, Labour, and Parliament itself are finding themselves torn by the furious arguments provoked by the Israel-Gaza war.
The BBC talks to people about their experiences in leasehold flats before a bill for reform is discussed.
Shveta Sharma accuses the bank manager at India's ICICI Bank of pulling an elaborate con.
Lost letters, big losses and calls for reform at Royal Mail: BBC Panorama speaks to customers and insiders.
The SNP says Westminster is "failing the people of Gaza" by blocking a vote on a ceasefire.
The judge says the documentary about killing cats "played a part" in Scarlet Blake's plan.
Great Britain's Andy Murray suggests he may only have a "few months" left of his tennis career after earning his second win of 2024 in Dubai.
A report ordered by the government finds "gaps in Boeing's safety journey".
Legislation aimed at clearing wrongly convicted sub-postmasters is also expected to be brought forward.
Michael Holt's body was found by the crew of a fishing vessel that had sailed to his aid.
The three defendants threw confetti and puzzle pieces disrupting tennis matches.
No apology from Lee Anderson
Smitha Mundasad explores why there is a measles outbreak across the UK.
Under the offer, which is being put to trade union members, staff would also receive a one-off payment.
First Minister Humza Yousaf says he hopes there can still be a council tax freeze for the whole of Scotland.
Decisions made about Covid in Wales will be the focus of the inquiry over the next three weeks.
Jarrod Bowen scored his first career hat-trick in West Ham's win over Brentford - is he now on course to make England's Euro 2024 squad?
Clinical Ellis Simms scores a first-half hat-trick for Coventry to end Maidstone's hopes of landing another piece of FA Cup history.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says Jack Grealish will return to his starting line-up on a regular basis when his performances improve.
Everton's 10-point deduction for breaching Premier League financial rules is reduced to six points on appeal.
England should not be too disappointed despite defeat by India in Ranchi condemning Ben Stokes to his first series loss as captain, writes Jonathan Agnew.
Coventry City book their place in the FA Cup quarter-finals thanks to Ellis Simms' first-half hat-trick & a second-half double from Fabio Tavares in a 5-0 win over Maidstone United
The company's statement follows Henry Staunton's revelation in a hearing about postmasters' compensation.
Israel's PM says Americans back the war with Hamas, despite President Biden arguing it could "lose support".
Karl Jordan Jr, 40, and Ronald Washington, 59, targeted the musician after being cut out of a drug deal.
A jury hears Constance Marten claimed she had not been to school - but was in fact from a wealthy family.
The BBC speaks to people in Gaza who are scouring markets for food and working in overcrowded hospitals.
The husband of Prince Michael of Kent's daughter has died at the age of 45, says a palace statement.
The fog seen on Tuesday morning was caused by easterly winds blowing over the cool waters of Long Island Sound.
Bulgarian national Tihomir Ivanov Ivanchev, 38, will appear in court on Wednesday.
The party says the handling of last week's vote on Gaza showed a "disregard for smaller parties".
The Commons vote paves the way for a by-election in MP Scott Benton's Blackpool South constituency.
Erling Haaland scores five as holders Manchester City breeze past Luton to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
News about the next game in the popular Nintendo series gets fans talking about its next console.
The original spoon-bender speaks to presenter Maryam Moshiri after her viral moment on the BBC News Channel.
Children starting school in England and Wales in September will be offered places this week.
Ammonia is essential for fertiliser production but producing it is carbon intensive.
ADHD UK estimate about 150,000 people have been affected by a UK-wide medicine shortage.
Between the 1960s and 1980s, hundreds of dead miners had their organs passed on for medical research.
The Myanmar junta's mandatory military service law has sparked fear, anxiety and defiance.
Nigeria is experiencing its worst economic crisis in a generation, leading to nationwide protests.
Three-year-old Dwelaniyah Robinson died in hospital in November 2022. 
The US and the UK are among those to say they will not deploy troops after remarks by Emmanuel Macron.
Some animals died and a barn owl is missing following the incident at a west London college campus.
Eleven people suffered broken backs and 120 had facial injuries after visiting Flip Out in Chester.
An enforcement order requires the building to be built back to what it was prior to the fire.
The Prison Service says "higher-than-normal" levels of the radioactive gas were found at the site.
Key figures in a powerful Dutch drug cartel are handed life sentences after a near six-year saga.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will set out the government's tax and spending plans in the spring Budget.
Sunak avoids saying if he thought Anderson’s comments were Islamophobic
Smitha Mundasad explores why there is a measles outbreak across the UK.
First Minister describes her first NI game at Windsor Park as a "thoroughly enjoyable experience".
The 65-year-old man was killed on a Saturday morning while walking his labrador in Perthshire.
Johanna Robinson says she was raped in her early 20s and is speaking out to help others.
Erling Haaland delivers an emphatic and ominous warning to Manchester City's rivals after scoring five goals in their 6-2 win at Luton in the FA Cup.
Newcastle beat Blackburn in a dramatic penalty shootout to edge into the FA Cup quarter-finals after a pulsating fifth-round tie at Ewood Park.
England have given "many answers to questions we had" in friendly victories over Austria and Italy this month, says manager Sarina Wiegman.
Former Wales captain Sam Warburton says Ireland are wearing an "invincibility cloak" in the Six Nations and will not be stopped this year.
Watch highlights as Erling Haaland scores five in a stunning display of finishing with holders Manchester City thrashing Luton 6-2 to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Leicester City winger Abdul Fatawu scores a "brilliant" long-range effort to fire his side ahead in extra time against Bournemouth in their FA Cup fifth-round tie at the Vitality Stadium.
Officers must use their powers against people who undermine democracy by targeting MPs, Rishi Sunak says.
Emma's family said she had been failed by police due to a "toxic culture of misogyny and corruption".
BBC Journalist Samantha Poling confronted Iain Packer during on-camera interviews, which were later shown to the jury in court.
The Odysseus robot broke a leg on touchdown but continued to stream data back to Earth
Yulia Navalnaya addresses MEPs after the death of her husband, a high-profile critic of Putin.
Paul Connell was offered the lead role at the cancelled event in a Glasgow warehouse.
More than 50 correspondents and presenters urge Israel and Egypt to allow them to enter Gaza.
The longest-serving Republican leader of the US Senate announces it is "time to move on".
Red Bull's team principal Christian Horner is cleared of inappropriate behaviour towards a female colleague following an internal investigation.
The Duke of Sussex fails to overturn a change to his security when he stopped being a working royal.
He died peacefully in his home after suffering a heart attack, his publicist told US media.
Around 50 migrants were said to be on the small boat when it got into trouble off the French coast.
Noises that prompted hope in the search for the missing Titan submersible have been released to the media.
Iain Packer was left free to continue attacking women while senior officers pursued a case against four Turkish men.
A similar display of anger in November could swing who wins the White House, writes BBC North America editor Sarah Smith.
A theatre director posed as a man online to learn more about incels, and was shocked at the results.
South Korea has spent billions to reverse its low birth rate, but some say it isn't listening to young women’s needs.
Construction pictures suggest the cladding used on the building may be of a type now banned in the UK.
Three women describe how they flout headscarf laws ahead of the first polls since nationwide protests.
The BBC has seen draft amendments to a bill to ban landlords from evicting tenants without reason.
Owner Drax, which received £6bn in subsidies, continues to burn timber from Canadian trees - BBC finds.
Fifteen-year-old Sky Brown tells BBC Sport's Natalie Pirks about her dream of competing in both skateboarding and surfing for Team GB at the Olympic Games.
The musician says his criminal record was the reason he has to shelve the British leg of his tour.
The firm never acknowledged the project publicly but had recruited about two thousands workers.
Former chairman Henry Staunton twice lobbied ministers to double Nick Read's pay, MPs heard on Wednesday.
Farming leaders have called on the Welsh government to listen to the "anguish" of rural communities.
Kane Thompson shared a picture taken inside Newcastle Crown Court on social media.
There is speculation that the government might cut income tax or National Insurance in the Budget.
LNER and Northern train drivers, plus London Overground staff, are all set to stage walkouts.
The government has announced money for extra security for MPs
Football star Eni Aluko's battle against online misogyny and racism.
A primary school and homes have been evacuated following the blast in Bury, Greater Manchester.
The law involves a conditional amnesty for suspects and bans future inquests and civil actions.
Two former sex workers who were picked up by Iain Packer say police failed to act on warnings that he was dangerous.
There are concerns fire services may not be able to respond quickly to rural blazes.
Teenagers Lewis Koumas and Jayden Danns are on target as Liverpool beat Southampton to set up an FA Cup quarter-final tie with Manchester United.
Casemiro scores an 89th-minute winner as Manchester United beat Nottingham Forest to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Rangers manager Philippe Clement welcomes a "massive three points" as his team come from behind to beat Kilmarnock and preserve their two-point Scottish Premiership lead.
Conor Gallagher scores a last-minute winner as Chelsea snatch a dramatic victory over Leeds United to move into the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Red Bull's team principal Christian Horner is cleared of inappropriate behaviour towards a female colleague following an internal investigation.
Watch teenagers Lewis Koumas and Jayden Danns score their first goals for Liverpool as their side beat Southampton 3-0 to progress to the FA Cup quarter-finals.
Watch highlights as Casemiro scores an 89th-minute winner to help Manchester United beat Nottingham Forest and set up an FA Cup quarter-final with Liverpool.
Voters in the Greater Manchester seat are choosing a new MP following the death of Sir Tony Lloyd.
Reports differ about how many Palestinians were shot by Israeli forces or run over by aid lorries.
A Home Office-commissioned report finds Sarah Everard's killer's offending could have been prevented.
Alexei Navalny's team say undertakers have been warned not to provide a vehicle to carry his body.
After Prince William suddenly withdrew from an event, worries for his wife Kate grew louder - leaving the Palace with a dilemma.
Nineteen local authorities have been given extra flexibility to help balance their books next year.
The TV presenter and chef, one half of the Hairy Bikers, has died from cancer at the age of 66.
The two likely presidential candidates make speeches in an effort to show they can tackle illegal crossings.
The 32-year-old, previously known as Andrew Burns, was the subject of a lifelong restriction order.
The accusation is within previously withheld reports written by the then-immigration watchdog.
Some 62,336 people are issued refugee status or other protection, the highest figure on record.
The former Conservative strongly denied allegations of sexual assault made against him.
The Dance You Outta My Head hit maker was diagnosed with a rare cancer, called sarcoma, in 2022.
BBC Verify examines the evidence on combatant deaths, as concern grows about the scale of civilian killing.
The Angliolini report says failures in vetting, recruitment and investigation left Couzens free to offend.
The three "Johns" and a senator who challenged Mr McConnell for his post are considered likely successors.
Katie Higton warned officers of threats from Marcus Osborne, a timeline obtained by the BBC reveals.
As the NHS enters 2024 and a difficult winter period, find out what's happening in your area.
Four people born on 29 February share their experiences of having a birthday on this very elusive day.
The 65-year-old man was killed on 17 February while walking his Labrador in Perthshire.
The fire in the capital Dhaka is reported to be contained and dozens more people have been rescued.
In his annual address, Russia's president says the consequences of such a move would be tragic.
The mayor of Cobija, a city in the north, declares the area a disaster zone because of heavy rain.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner denies allegations of inappropriate behaviour again after a series of alleged messages are leaked.
A spokesman for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak called the move, by the Noel Coward Theatre, "wrong and divisive".
It was William's first public appearance since unexpectedly pulling out of a memorial service due to a "personal matter".
Millions of workers in the UK will see their wages go up in April.
LNER and Northern train drivers, plus London Overground staff, are all set to stage walkouts.
Independent review finds Couzens should never have been a police officer
Football star Eni Aluko's battle against online misogyny and racism.
The father of a boy who murdered Brianna Ghey admits exposure and taking an indecent photo of a child.
PropertyPal have proposed a new system for charging estate agents for listing on their site.
RAAC was found to be in about 500 homes in Aberdeen's Balnagask area, including 364 council properties.
Mark Harries's father Maldwyn was killed by a bull during bovine tuberculosis tests in 2022.
Paul Pogba's career could be over after his four-year ban for doping with the feeling the 30-year-old Juventus player never fulfilled his potential.
Nathan Aspinall beats Rob Cross to claim a maximum five points from night five of Premier League Darts in Exeter.
Marcus Rashford wants critics to show "more humanity" before doubting his commitment to boyhood club Manchester United.
Lewis Hamilton leads a Mercedes one-two in Thursday practice at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix.
Emma Raducanu is set for a return to WTA Tour action next month at one of the biggest tournaments outside of the Grand Slams.
Italian football journalist Mina Rzouki discusses the likelihood of Paul Pogba ever returning to professional football after he received a four-year ban for doping.
BBC Verify analyses footage and Israeli statements to trace how the deadly incident unfolded on Thursday morning.
The group blamed the deaths on Israeli bombardment and said a "number" of its fighters were also killed.
Is George Galloway's victory a little local difficulty for Labour or a harbinger of electoral doom?
Towns outside of big cities have seen some of the biggest rent rises as tenants choose comfort.
Speaking from the steps of Downing Street, the prime minister attacks Islamists and far-right groups.
Authorities will now try to remove the vehicle from its precarious position over the Ohio River.
The BBC speaks to Iranians voting in the first elections since the 2022 anti-government protests.
"Russia without Putin" mourners chanted, as they defied fear of arrest to bid farewell to Alexei Navalny.
The suspects, riding a moped, fled the scene near Clapham Common, south London.
American Christian Coleman beats compatriot Noah Lyles to world indoor 60m gold in Glasgow.
It is among the contents of packages seized by the Royal Navy in 1807, and opened for the first time.
JPR Williams was the "ultimate warrior" who "ripped up the rule book", say friends and team-mates.
"I shall be celebrating tonight," says Jools Holland after topping the album chart with Rod Stewart.
Risking arrest, large numbers paid tribute to the Putin critic, who died in an Arctic prison.
There will only ever be 21 million bitcoins, and US financial giants are buying up thousands.
Kirsty Paterson and Jenny Fogarty were hired to work at the Willy Wonka Chocolate Experience in Glasgow.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The star has released the UK's Eurovision entry for 2024, a pulsing club anthem called Dizzy.
People are more likely to end things early if they're not going well, according to experts.
Ukrainian Leonid Zakutenko sells a type of chemical online thought to be linked to at least 130 UK deaths.
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Dr Roland Salmon criticises the Welsh government's decision to prevent pubs from selling alcohol.
Prince Michael of Kent's son-in-law was found dead at his parents' home with gun nearby, an inquest hears.
The plane was diverted after crossing the Atlantic and two people were removed from the flight, police said.
The Prince of Wales joins one of Wrexham AFC's Hollywood owners, Rob McElhenney, at The Turf pub.
Met Office weather data also shows that this winter was less frosty than normal.
The NHS England said 91,000 appointments and procedures were cancelled due to the walkout this week.
This is the fourth rise in two years for first class stamps and the second class cost will rise too.
Millions of workers in the UK will see their wages go up in April.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will set out the government's tax and spending plans in the spring Budget.
Parents in England wanting 15 hours free childcare for two-year-olds face an important deadline.
LNER and Northern train drivers, plus London Overground staff, are all set to stage walkouts.
There is speculation that the government might cut income tax or National Insurance in the Budget.
The prime minister says "our democracy itself is a target" for extremists.
Football star Eni Aluko's battle against online misogyny and racism.
Marcus Osborne disfigured then killed his ex before murdering her new boyfriend, a court hears
A charity's free counselling service is ending and there is no replacement service lined up.
The potentially dangerous concrete was found in about 500 homes in Aberdeen's Balnagask area.
Sean Donovan says it is a "cop out" that Wales does not have a children's gender identity service.
American Christian Coleman beats compatriot Noah Lyles to world indoor 60m gold in Glasgow.
Follow live BBC One coverage from the NBA as the Boston Celtics host the Dallas Mavericks.
Bayern Munich could end the weekend 10 points off the Bundesliga's top spot after Freiburg snatch a late equaliser.
Teenager Luke Littler plays down praise he received from Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp, describing it as "literally another day in my life."
Red Bull's Max Verstappen puts in a crushing performance to set pole position for the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix.
British number one Katie Boulter storms through to her first WTA 500 semi-final with a straight sets victory over Croatia's Donna Vekic at the San Diego Open.
Watch as American Christian Coleman beats compatriot Noah Lyles to gold in men's 60m final at the World Athletics Indoor Championships.
Supply drop comes after 112 people were killed as crowds rushed aid lorries on Thursday.
The international community is under pressure to tackle the growing crisis of hunger in the territory, writes Fergal Keane.
The chancellor may resort to stealing Labour's plans on Wednesday to give Tories the tax cuts they crave.
Singer-songwriter Raye breaks the record for most Brits in one year with six awards including Best Artist and Best Album.
Red Bull team boss Christian Horner refuses to say whether messages leaked this week are genuine.
The Met Police say the "reckless" suspects fled the scene on foot in Clapham on Friday night.
The Treasury says healthcare and policing will be more efficient as a result of the reforms.
Singapore paid taxpayer dollars to lock in Swift's shows - causing some bad blood in the region.
German chancellor promises probe after leak of officers discussing the supply of long-range missiles.
A killer whale is captured on camera hunting and "eviscerating" a great white shark in less than two minutes.
The 86-year-old former NUM leader tells rally the 1984-85 strikes are an "important part of history".
Rubymar's cargo of fertiliser presents a threat to marine life, Yemen officials and green groups say.
The vehicle was left dangling dramatically over the edge of a bridge in Louisville after it crashed through a barrier.
Unofficial reports suggest the turnout for Friday's national poll was the lowest since the 1979 revolution.
Stars wore their finest for the red carpet in London at the UK's biggest music night, the Brit Awards.
Were the chanting crowds a last liberal hurrah. or are dreams of democracy still alive, asks Russia editor Steve Rosenberg.
It was billed as "the place where chocolate dreams become reality" but became a worldwide sensation when the reality emerged.
Michigan's protest vote reminds the US president that Middle East turmoil could translate into electoral peril.
Leonid Zakutenko sold poison to vulnerable people who wanted to die - we confronted him at a post office in Kyiv.
An economy in recession and high borrowing costs mean there will not be a bumper election giveaway.
Friends of Aaron Bushnell say they are still trying to process his decision to set himself on fire outside Israel's Washington embassy.
The self-described geriatric starlet was known for her distinctive white hair and oversized glasses.
Mia Janin, 14, took her own life after being targeted by a group of pupils at her London school.
The largest section of the Sycamore Gap tree's trunk will be on display at The Sill from September.
Nottingham Forest referee analyst Mark Clattenburg bemoans decision in the build-up to Liverpool's winner on Saturday.
Just living a normal life was the biggest hope, now Alex will take on the world on the slopes. 
The 49-year-old Spice Girl was showcasing her label's autumn/winter collection at Paris Fashion Week.
Prince William admits the drink will take about an hour to settle after his trip to a Wrexham pub.
It’s a baptism of fire for the aspiring actors on set of EastEnders. With Natalie Cassidy.
How accurate are fitness trackers?
Would you buy a windy brontosaurus?
The Prime Minister advocated for unity in the face of extremism
Shakira Spencer was tortured and starved by people she considered friends.
Sapper Connor Morrison "may have survived" if his heatstroke was treated quickly, say investigators.
Naomi Long says the NI secretary must do "heavy lifting" or face blame for a future Executive collapse.
Carwyn Powell's sheepdog went missing in 2018, and he says the law is too weak to tackle thefts.
Great Britain's Josh Kerr and Molly Caudery win stunning golds in front of an electric home crowd at the World Athletics Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
Nottingham Forest referee analyst Mark Clattenburg bemoans decision in the build-up to Liverpool's winner on Saturday.
Mercedes driver George Russell summed up what many people in Formula 1 felt after Max Verstappen's imperious victory for Red Bull in the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix.
Jude Bellingham is sent off for complaining after the final whistle denies him a winning goal for Real Madrid in a dramatic game at Valencia.
Watch as Britain's Molly Caudery wins pole vault gold at the World Athletics Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
Britain's Josh Kerr dominates the 3,000m final to win the world indoor title in front of his home fans in Glasgow.
Teenager Luke Littler moves closer to his first major darts title as he reaches the quarter-finals of the UK Open in Minehead.
US Vice-President Kamala Harris says Israel must let more aid into Gaza and calls for an immediate ceasefire.
The chancellor tells the BBC he hopes to show a path towards lower taxes in Wednesday's Budget.
Police find a phone belonging to Mia Janin, which they lost, and plan to return it to her family.
Thousands of criminals escape, as the capital Port-au-Prince descends further into gang violence.
It was later revealed they belonged to Cleveland Police, and had escaped their local stable.
Liz Kendall is expected to say young people have a "responsibility" to take up jobs and training.
Hundreds of thousands of families have had help through the government's Household Support Fund.
Contest bosses had ruled that references in October Rain to last year's Hamas attacks broke neutrality rules.
The controversy surrounding Red Bull boss Christian Horner is "driving people apart", says the father of world champion Max Verstappen.
A boat carrying 16 migrants capsized in French waters a few kilometres from the coast, local officials say.
Wendy Francis, 61, is described as "one in a million" as a man is arrested on suspicion of murder.
Hundreds of people line up to pay their respects at the Russian opposition leader's grave in Moscow.
After a tough start to the year, our royal correspondent considers the challenges facing the royals.
Raye scooped the big prizes, but what was really going on behind the scenes at the 2024 Brit Awards?
The singer-songwriter wins more Brits at a single ceremony than any other artist ever has.
The singer-songwriter makes history with six Brits in a year, including Artist and Song of the year.
Stars wore their finest for the red carpet in London at the UK's biggest music night, the Brit Awards.
See all the winners from this year's Brit Awards, which took place in London.
The previous Budget was meant to help growth, investment, pubs and parents. Has it worked so far?
People living with alopecia could have access to treatment on the NHS in Scotland for the first time.
How it took 19 years to convict a killer in the mystery of Scotland’s murder in the woods.
A scene discussing Ireland's "2024 unification" stopped the episode from being shown in the UK.
The Bake Off winner and TV chef talks about her childhood and offers advice to her 13-year-old daughter.
Felicia, 16, was cast as The Unknown, a creepy character from Willy's Chocolate Experience in Glasgow.
The Chancellor says he will only cut taxes in a responsible way
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Layla, three, has "fluffy" hair that grows "outwardly" due to a condition that affects only 100 people.
The Made in Chelsea star faced a backlash after it was revealed he was replacing Jordan North on Radio 1.
Reports say a fuel depot was hit during the attack on the town of Feodosiya on the occupied peninsula.
Phil Foden scores twice to help Manchester City come from behind to beat Manchester United at Etihad Stadium.
French president is to enshrine right to abortion in the constitution. Critics question his motives.
Debbie Sellin will serve Northamptonshire and Rutland as well as Peterborough and nearby villages.
Two-year-old Elijah needs a bone marrow transplant following a rare blood cancer diagnosis.
Rick Astley performs live at Maida Vale with the BBC Concert Orchestra.
Brian Cox and Robin Ince claw through the science to find out if cats are better than dogs
Members of a Turkish cartel inform the Kinsellas that Cunningham's debt is now theirs.
A wrestling grudge spills out of the ring and into the real world.
Five black inner-city teenagers are offered scholarships to a prestigious boarding school.
The Prime Minister advocated for unity in the face of extremism
Shakira Spencer was tortured and starved by people she considered friends.
Jo Hamilton called for compensation to be sped up for those wrongfully prosecuted in the scandal.
Bereaved family members have gathered to remember their loved ones who died during the Covid pandemic.
Thomas Wong was riding his bike when he was critically injured in a collision in Edinburgh on Friday.
The Radio 1 DJ gave the tickets to them as an engagement gift and babysat their daughter instead.
Phil Foden scores twice to help Manchester City come from behind to beat Manchester United at Etihad Stadium.
Great Britain's Jemma Reekie claims her first major medal by winning 800m silver in front of her home crowd at the World Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
Marcus Smith returns to the England squad before their Six Nations match against Ireland after recovering from a calf injury.
Manager Brendan Rodgers laments "really, really poor officiating" as Celtic fall to a controversial defeat at Hearts to complete a weekend of shocks in the Scottish Premiership title race.
Great Britain's Jemma Reekie takes silver in the women's 800m final behind Ethiopia's Tsige Duguma at the World Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
Match of the Day 2 pundits analyse the performance of Manchester City's Phil Foden after he scores two goals in the 3-1 Premier League win over Manchester United.
Watch highlights as Alessia Russo's second-half strike is enough to help Arsenal to a 1-0 win over north London rivals Tottenham in front of a sellout crowd at Emirates Stadium.
The ruling says only Congress can bar a candidate by invoking the insurrection clause in the Constitution.
The Workers Party of Britain leader pledges his party will boot out Labour MPs in the general election.
Officers say a 33-year-old woman has been arrested after the child was found dead by police.
The World Health Organisation chief says 10 children have died due to lack of food in northern Gaza.
People in Kent share their finance stories ahead of Wednesday's Budget. Would you share yours?
A new BBC documentary reveals the moment police found out Wayne Couzens was a police officer.
The officer is also seen deliberately treading on the man's stomach in footage obtained by BBC News.
France becomes the first country to explicitly include the right to terminate a pregnancy in its constitution.
The report also said there was "convincing information" hostages were subjected to sexual violence.
Peers back five changes to the draft law aiming to revive the UK's Rwanda deportation scheme.
BBC Verify has introduced a new feature to show audiences how we know what we know.
The event, at Princess Anne's Gloucestershire residence, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year.
A Strictly dancer, two X-Factor judges and a Love Island winner are among the celebs entering the house.
Gang leaders have seized control of large swathes of Haiti, a country without any elected officials.
High salaries are on offer to bring doctors and teachers to Scotland's most beautiful remote communities.
Three friends who were separated by the war talk about going back home for a special school reunion.
The story of huge crowds at the 1971 event is told in a new documentary backed by the Williams sisters.
Asia's richest man reportedly welcomed more than 1,000 guests to the three-day extravaganza in India.
In a sudden display the aurora was seen from the Highlands down to Cornwall on Sunday night.
A report says the Church should apologise for its historic involvement in the slave trade.
Khasha Smith missed her daughter Calley's 18th birthday, which family said was out of character.
A petition with more than 900 signatures inspires wedding photographers to share their stories.
A state of emergency is declared after armed gangs stormed a major prison, freeing thousands of inmates.
Dramatic footage shows the moment officers kicked down the door of burning flats in west London.
It comes after Spotify complained about a block on telling users about cheaper alternatives to app store.
An episode of Wootton's show featuring Laurence Fox received 8,867 complaints from viewers.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is reportedly mulling higher duty on business travel to pay for tax cuts.
There is speculation that the government might cut income tax or National Insurance in the Budget.
Ofgem has announced a new price cap that will see bills fall from April.
The Chancellor says he will only cut taxes in a responsible way
After a legal win, we look at how Trump is seemingly beating the odds to stage a comeback
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
The officer is also seen deliberately treading on the man's stomach in footage obtained by BBC News.
Health minister announces a 12-month extension in funding for a service for victims of sexual violence.
Khasha Smith missed her daughter Calley's 18th birthday, which family said was out of character.
Two-year-old Ethan Ives, from Deeside, died in 2021, with three people due to appear in crown court.
Sheffield United's first half against Arsenal was so bad, one pundit described it as "one of the worst performances I've ever seen".
UK Sport and UK Athletics are planning to bid to host the 2029 World Championships.
The president of motorsport's governing body is under investigation for an alleged attempt to interfere over a Formula 1 race result.
Arsenal cruise to a seventh successive Premier League win as they put six past a dreadful Sheffield United side at Bramall Lane.
Christian Meier rode as a domestique in all three Grand Tours - but locked down and retired, he found a new sporting obsession.
Chelsea striker Sam Kerr is set to appear in court next year after being charged with a racially aggravated offence, which she denies.
Referee Paul Tierney, who made a mistake in Liverpool's win at Nottingham Forest, will not take charge of a game in the next round of Premier League matches.
The chancellor promises Wednesday's budget will help families with "permanent" tax cuts and stimulate the economy.
Full council meeting votes through wave of cuts to services and a rise in council tax.
The Army's website said the princess would attend Trooping the Colour but royal sources have not confirmed.
People in more than a dozen US states have cast ballots to choose their presidential candidate for the 2024 election.
UK Special Forces have been deployed in Syria in the past decade in operations against Islamic State.
His exit comes a day after Ofcom said an episode featuring Laurence Fox broke its broadcasting rules.
Anne Hughes, who was pulled into the air by shop shutters, says she will "never hear the end of it".
Science Secretary Michelle Donelan had claimed a university professor sympathised with Hamas.
Delta Airlines captain Lawrence Russell was due to fly a Boeing 767 full of passengers to New York.
The UN agency says Israeli forces turned back a convoy of 14 lorries taking aid to northern Gaza.
The shirt, which Colin Firth wore as Mr Darcy, has been auctioned with the proceeds going to charity.
Researchers have written up the unusual case in a medical journal.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will deliver his 2024 Budget on Wednesday 6 March.
People in Kent share their finance stories ahead of Wednesday's Budget. Would you share yours?
The previous Budget was meant to help growth, investment, pubs and parents. Has it worked so far?
Councils will be told to cut diversity schemes, but how much money would it actually save?
Former Fife miner Bob Young says the impacts of the 1984-85 strike are still being felt four decades on.
Aid agencies see airdrops as an ineffective way of delivering assistance to people in desperate need.
A Haley exit, a Biden protest and a "jungle" primary - here's what to look for as the results roll in.
Changes to tax thresholds and child benefit, help for first-time buyers - what do people want from the Budget?
The warmest February on record has brought an early display of spring flowers - which is a sign of things to come.
The death of hundreds of birds could harm the wider ecosystem, including a population of long-eared owls.
Jasmine Boatswain says her mental health suffered due to the attention she received after the show.
Scientists believe the species hunted the oceans 66 million years ago with "teeth like knives".
Her mother is calling for an inquiry into police failings in the investigation into killer Iain Packer.
The bus can be seen smashed through the front windows of the central London building.
Inspectors were "deeply shocked" by the treatment of a girl at Wetherby Young Offender Institution.
The British writer, known for controversial works that helped overturn theatre censorship, was 89.
Shay Kang, 10, was found with injuries at an address in the West Midlands on Monday, police said.
People using this part of the road network should only travel if necessary, National Highways says.
There is speculation that the government might cut National Insurance or income tax in the Budget.
Millions of households are expected to see their council tax bills rise in April.
Parents in England who want 15 hours of free childcare for two-year-olds face an important deadline.
Millions of workers in the UK will see their wages go up in April.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
Luke D'Wit sent emails urging Stephen and Carol Baxter to drink a concoction, his trial hears.
The head of the DVA says there is no longer a backlog associated with Covid or problems with lifts.
Many NHS executives across Scotland are being given top appraisal marks which are linked to pay rises.
Tax cuts, holiday lets, small businesses and fuel cost are among the issues in the spotlight.
Harry Kane scores two goals to help Bayern Munich overturn a first-leg deficit against Lazio and advance to the quarter-finals of the Champions League.
Kylian Mbappe caps a fine display with two goals as Paris St-Germain comfortably move into the quarter-finals of the Champions League at the expense of Real Sociedad.
Former Wimbledon champion Simona Halep is free to play again after a four-year doping ban was reduced to nine months.
Kevin Sinfield believes it is "unfair" to say head coach Steve Borthwick is solely driven by data when preparing England for a Test match.
Jamie Vardy's header gives Leicester a crucial win in the Championship title race as they beat Sunderland.
Mohammed Ben Sulayem, president of Formula 1's governing body, allegedly told officials not to certify the Las Vegas circuit for its race last year.
Meet McLaren's first female development driver, Bianca Bustamante, who says she shares her hopes and ambitions to become a professional Formula 1 driver.
But Labour says many people will still be worse off because of existing freezes to income tax bands.
Hannah Gutierrez-Reed was found not guilty of a second charge - tampering with evidence.
The sailors' deaths are the first resulting from an attack on a merchant vessel by the Yemeni group.
He was denied relocation to the UK and is in hiding after prosecuting Taliban and Islamic State members.
Ocean-going vessels with no-one on board - a vision of the future that's coming faster you think.
Shay Kang was found with injuries at an address in Rowley Regis, West Midlands, on Monday.
Scientists used the 'sausage in a box' test to find out that dogs can be a "hard-wired" for obesity.
Ukraine's navy says five people have been killed after missile strikes in the southern port city.
The chancellor's tax cuts won't make up for earlier tax rises and inflation eating into incomes.
President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador was inside the building giving a press conference at the time.
The science secretary has accepted her original comments about Professor Kate Sang were wrong.
Peers fight to change the government bill aimed at deporting asylum seekers to the East African country.
There is no legal obligation to register a pregnancy with the NHS, the court is told.
My main takeaway from Wednesday's Budget is that many are still going to see their tax bills rise.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has set out his tax and spending plans - here's what you need to know.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt and Labour leader Keir Starmer made a number of claims on Budget day.
Tax and spending cuts will have a significant impact on your finances, so here's what it means for you.
Budget 2024: Does this mean a May election is off the cards?
After the Republican drops out, the voters she leaves behind could play a key role in deciding the presidency.
The BBC spoke to people with a range of earnings and household set-ups about how the Budget affects them.
Ali was one of at least 10 children who a WHO team said died from lack of food in a north Gaza hospital.
The authority that runs the canal is looking at ways to conserve the water it needs to stay open.
The Nobel Prize-winning author's son explains why the "betrayal" of his father's wishes is justified.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Some fans expressed disappointment after the 23-year-old confirmed she is dating actor Lee Jae-wook.
A plume of smoke is seen across the city after a major fire breaks out at industrial units.
Six Indian nationals have been arrested for attempting to smuggle dozens of animals out of Thailand.
Ray Winstone and Giancarlo Esposito are among the stars of a new TV adaptation of the 2019 film.
Students in Bangladesh organised a protest calling for the teacher's suspension after the alleged incident.
Crowds flock to watch a starling murmuration close to a Redditch car park.
Vladyslava Krapyvka will display a bottle of vodka from a Ukrainian plant that was destroyed by war.
The government has announced a further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers.
The government will introduce a new vaping tax on top of measures to stop children vaping.
The benefit will not be taken away entirely until an individual earns £80,000, under changes in the Budget.
Justin Webb and Marianna Spring look ahead to an unprecedented American election year.
Trump and Biden win almost every state in election season's biggest primary night.
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Piran Ditta Khan is on trial accused of murdering Sharon Beshenivsky in the 2005 shooting.
Mr Devlin, who was 30, was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash between Omagh and Ballygawley.
Justice Secretary Angela Constance is set to confirm the move in a Holyrood statement on Thursday.
Rhys ab Owen touched and swore at two women while drunk on a night out, an investigation finds.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says the Champions League holders have become a team that "believes" in Europe.
Real Madrid reach the Champions League quarter-finals as Vinicius Junior makes RB Leipzig pay for their missed chances in a 2-1 aggregate win.
England flew out to India as unfancied underdogs, but, against a backdrop of assassination and unrest, cliched a comeback series win.
Stina Blackstenius scores a hat-trick as Arsenal reach the Women's League Cup final by beating Aston Villa.
Ex-UFC champion Francis Ngannou clashes with Tyson Fury and says he is "just getting started" in boxing before his heavyweight fight with Anthony Joshua.
Max Verstappen says his father is "not a liar" in the wake of his claim that the controversy around Christian Horner is "driving people apart".
Watch Francis Ngannou's exchange with Tyson Fury at a news conference for the former UFC champion's fight against Anthony Joshua in Saudi Arabia on Friday.
Ms Marten and Mark Gordon are on trial accused of the manslaughter of their newborn daughter.
The address to Congress will be a rare chance to speak to a huge national audience before November's election.
Tough decisions will need to be made following the next election, the Institute for Fiscal Studies said.
Christian Horner says it is "time to draw a line under" the controversy over accusations about his behaviour towards a female employee.
There have been more than 500 cases of the risky infection since the start of the year, officials warn.
The 92-year-old is expected to marry Russian molecular biologist Elena Zhukova, 67, this year.
Israel has changed lyrics to its Eurovision song after it was thought to reference the 7 October attacks.
The UN humanitarian affairs agency has warned that the country's health system is "nearing collapse".
Sweden joins Nato, becoming the military alliance's second new member since Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
Taxpayers are covering the damages paid to an academic the minister falsely accused of supporting Hamas.
The judge will examine how officers handled the murder investigation after she was strangled in 2005.
Britain's Emma Raducanu earns a 6-2 6-3 win against qualifier Rebeka Masarova in the first round at Indian Wells.
Some low level offences with little chance of being solved will be marked for no further action.
BBC experts tackle questions about what the 2024 Budget means for your finances.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 will be able to claim the benefit.
The BBC spoke to people with a range of earnings and household set-ups about how the Budget affects them.
The party's spending proposals have been thrown into disarray after Jeremy Hunt copied its tax plans.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has set out his tax and spending plans - here's what you need to know.
Friday's papers continue to lead with the fallout from the Spring Budget, and allegations about Christian Horner.
Guard posts along a stretch of the northern border have increased from fewer than 40 to 6,500.
The president will seek to fight concerns over his age and contrast his term in office with Donald Trump's.
Russian troops are advancing in eastern Ukraine. Residents must choose - flee, or risk occupation.
Competitors will take part in challenges and presentations in a bid to take home the trophy.
Strikes by train drivers and airport staff cause severe disruption to travellers across Germany.
The best-selling children's novelist visited animals at Drusillas Zoo park near Alfriston.
Sandler's lucrative deal with the streamer saw him appear in and produce three films last year.
Mikey Roynon, from Bristol, was stabbed during a row at a house party in Bath last year.
Officers say inquiries into the death in Wolverhampton are at an early stage. 
Dozens of gunmen ride through the school seizing children as young as eight, witnesses say.
The former US president's case against a company founded by an ex-MI6 officer was thrown out.
Valerii Zaluzhnyi was sacked as Ukraine's army chief by President Volodymyr Zelensky last month.
Fredrick Omungu opened his business in the morning to discover the animal hiding under the counter.
The government has announced a further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers.
Parents in England who want 15 hours of free childcare for two-year-olds face an important deadline.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
From slaps to snubs: A lookback at iconic moments from Oscar history.
We quiz the pensions secretary after the transparency of both parties is questioned.
Officers say inquiries into the death in Wolverhampton are at an early stage. 
The report into the top Army agent in the IRA codenamed Stakeknife, linked to 18 murders, will be released
The judge will examine how officers handled the murder investigation after she was strangled in 2005.
A BBC investigation reveals a lack of consistent sexual misconduct data being kept by UK universities.
Darwin Nunez has "quality coming out of his ears", says Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp after the player warmed up for Manchester City with two more goals.
After a thrilling 2-2 draw away to Benfica, BBC Scotland examines if Rangers are now favourites to make the quarter-finals of the Europa League given their strong home record.
Christian Horner says it is "time to draw a line under" the controversy over accusations about his behaviour towards a female employee.
England already face an uphill battle to salvage a final win from their tour of India after an awful batting collapse on day one of the fifth Test in Dharamsala.
Watch highlights as Chelsea beat Manchester City 1-0 to reach the Women's League Cup final against Arsenal.
Luke Humphries produces three superb displays to win night six of Premier League Darts in Brighton.
West Ham fall to defeat at Freiburg in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 first-leg tie after they are denied a late penalty for handball through a "harsh" decision.
The Kenova report finds security services did not stop some crimes in order to protect their agents.
Regulators have ordered the centre to halt any new procedures while an investigation continues.
Amr Najjar is one of more than 100 Palestinian children killed in the West Bank since 7 October.
The Duchess of Sussex criticises "seemingly endless" online toxicity and says she was targeted while pregnant.
The US, Jordan, Egypt, France, the Netherlands and Belgium have been dropping aid into Gaza.
Listen to BBC Radio 5 Live commentary and follow live text updates as Anthony Joshua faces Francis Ngannou in a heavyweight bout in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Chris Kaba died after being shot in a police operation in south London in September 2022.
Police arrest the boy on suspicion of dangerous driving, theft and burglary.
Oliver Bearman's Formula 1 debut comes in unexpected circumstances, but the 18-year-old British driver from Chelmsford has already proved himself to be an accomplished performer.
Researchers say they found "no evidence" that the US government had interactions with aliens.
Jury hears mother tried to keep Victoria's body with her while on run with her partner Mark Gordon.
Craig Phillips describes "terrifying feeling" when brakes failed on his Jaguar I-Pace
Leah Anderson and Vince Smith became husband and wife between London and Reading.
Members of the BBC's voter panel weigh in on whether the president's performance reassured them he was fit for the job.
Thousands of events take place around the world to mark International Women's Day on 8 March.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
Many in the Nordic country say they feel safer despite growing tensions between the military alliance and Russia.
Freddie Scappaticci, who denied being a top Army agent in the IRA, was spared after facing suspicion.
Growing up in a country where mixed-sex raves are illegal, the women getting the crowds dancing are now pushing cultural boundaries.
After the hit Netflix series, there's a very different adaptation of his debut novel Starter For Ten.
Sudha Murthy says it was a "pleasant surprise" to be appointed to the upper house for a six-year term.
Max Verstappen backs Red Bull motorsport adviser Helmut Marko after it emerges the Austrian could be suspended from his role.
An investigation begins after "a report received of concern for care of the deceased".
A judge denied his request to extend the deadline after he was found liable for defaming E Jean Carroll.
In response, Ofsted's boss said inspectors and school staff should all act with respect.
The event across four days will see more than 18,000 competitors at the NEC in Birmingham.
The first three of six short films created by Aardman and the BBC are being released.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 will be able to claim the benefit.
Tax and spending cuts will have a significant impact on your finances, so here's what it means for you.
Ofgem has announced the latest price cap which will see bills fall from April.
As rail fares rise on Sunday, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
Joe Biden delivered a fiery address in a high-stakes pitch to Congress and beyond.
Police arrest the boy on suspicion of dangerous driving, theft and burglary.
The Kenova report finds security services did not stop some crimes in order to protect their agents.
Thomas McAllister, 25, had travelled to the Portuguese capital to watch the Glasgow club play Benfica.
Top price tickets cost £115 but rugby clubs are struggling to sell their allocations.
Listen to BBC Radio 5 Live commentary and follow live text updates as Anthony Joshua faces Francis Ngannou in a heavyweight bout in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Leeds go second in the Championship as they end Sheffield Wednesday's four-game winning run with an assured Yorkshire derby display.
Max Verstappen backs Red Bull motorsport adviser Helmut Marko after it emerges the Austrian could be suspended from his role.
England endured one of the toughest days on their tour of India, but Ben Stokes' return to bowling was the faintest of silver linings, says Stephan Shemilt.
Promoters Eddie Hearn and Frank Warren make their big fight predictions before Anthony Joshua takes on Francis Ngannou in Saudi Arabia on Friday night.
Premier League leaders Liverpool host champions Manchester City on Sunday in a huge clash at the top of the table as both sides chase history.
England defence coach Felix Jones seeks to outwit his former team Ireland when the two sides meet at Twickenham on Saturday.
The decision comes as investigators probe if some UNRWA staff were involved in the 7 October attack.
The US military says at least 28 uncrewed aerial vehicles (UAVs) were downed over the Red Sea.
BBC News is shown the secret site protecting the remains of the Sycamore Gap tree felled last year.
Laura Kuenssberg speaks to Reeves' friends, colleagues, and opponents to explore the kind of politician she is.
The first swimmer to speak publicly about abuse in the sport praises those intent on changing the culture.
An undertaker is being investigated by police after reports of "concern for care of the deceased".
Voters in the Republic of Ireland reject proposals to alter the wording on family and care.
In his new memoir, Earl Spencer says the abuse at Maidwell Hall began when he was just 11 years old.
The horror film won five awards at the ceremony described as the "ugly cousin to the Oscars".
Carrying desperately needed food, the vessel will hope to use a newly opened shipping route to Gaza.
People have been demonstrating in the 10th pro-Palestinian march in central London in recent months.
Marcus Smith kicks a last-gasp drop-goal as England produce their best display of the Steve Borthwick era to stun Ireland in a Six Nations thriller.
Briton Emma Raducanu reaches round three at Indian Wells after opponent Dayana Yastremska retires with an injury in the opening set.
Pam Abdy tells the BBC the studio would be keen to make a sequel to the hugely successful Barbie film.
The film shines a light on the work done by scientists in New Mexico but locals say their story is untold.
We speak to people about their experiences after calls for calm between vicars and photographers.
Ros Atkins looks at Germany's week of uncomfortable questions, after top-secret discussions were made public.
The BBC heads out in Blackpool with a targeted police team that has seen offences halved.
Although most Israelis support the war in Gaza, confidence in the prime minister is low, writes Wyre Davies.
Briana White talks about waiting for the world to react to your role in a pivotal rewrite of gaming history.
Meteorologist Simon King was no match for Fire and Steel when he met them in the BBC Breakfast studio.
The map and messages from 1984 were discovered during a beach clean-up in Monifieth.
French police blame violent smugglers. Critics blame a stronger police response - funded by the UK.
It lacked pre-election fireworks, but there was a radical thread that could have long-term consequences.
A father has spent two years campaigning to mark the sacrifice of public servants like his daughter.
Two senior Conservatives publicly call on Rishi Sunak to increase spending to counter global risks.
The Duchess of Sussex criticises the "seemingly endless toxicity" of social media while speaking at a festival.
The full story behind Queen's iconic song.
And why are some cabinet members criticising the budget?
From slaps to snubs: A lookback at iconic moments from Oscar history.
The restored record-breaking craft was transported to the Lake District after an ownership row.
Voters in the Republic of Ireland reject proposals to alter the wording on family and care.
The first minister was responding to a report that claimed he may have had a conflict of interest.
The comedian's treatment has shone a spotlight on the doctor seeking to make the process easier.
Marcus Smith follows in the footsteps of Jonny Wilkinson and George Ford in English drop-goal folklore, but he will have his eyes on a more sustained run in the side.
Aaron Ramsdale is eventually left smiling after Arsenal spare the England goalkeeper's blushes and beat Brentford to move top of the Premier League.
Max Verstappen cruised to the latest in a long line of victories at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix but Red Bull are still embroiled in controversy, writes Andrew Benson.
A propensity to implode, as they did in Rome, will continue to hold back Gregor Townsend's Scotland, writes Tom English.
Marcus Smith's last-minute drop-goal gives England a thrilling 23-22 Six Nations over Ireland at Twickenham.
Briton Emma Raducanu reaches round three at Indian Wells after opponent Dayana Yastremska retires with an injury in the opening set.
Neil Warnock steps down as Aberdeen manager less than an hour after guiding the club to the Scottish Cup semi-finals.
The Associated Press said it has noted "an inconsistency in the alignment" of Princess Charlotte’s hand.
Best picture favourite Oppenheimer has 13 nominations and could become one of the biggest winners of all time.
The fashion is as important as the films at the glittering Hollywood award ceremony.
Police say a 46-year-old man and 23-year-old woman have been arrested.
Protesters calling for a ceasefire shouted slogans at the opening of a Holocaust museum in Amsterdam.
With land and air deliveries proving difficult, it is hoped a floating pier will help aid get into Gaza by sea.
The shadow chancellor says she would "methodically" identify new sources of funding for her polices.
The Olympic gold medallist was hurt while rehearsing hours before Sunday's show.
The Pope angers Kyiv by urging it to "have the courage to raise the white flag" in talks with Russia.
The Swiss Alps have seen high winds for some days, and over the last 24 hours, heavy snowfalls.
The 33 officers are suing the force for "injury and losses" over their role in the response.
A court orders the Home Office to let the family apply for UK visas without providing fingerprints.
Musician Justin Currie says the prospect of having to give up performing is "quite grim".
See who has won and been nominated for this year's coveted Academy Awards.
As Hollywood's finest get ready for the big night, we bring you the lowdown on what to look out for.
Actor Hugh Grant recently questioned film runtimes - but have they changed and if so, why?
The star of Killers of the Flower Moon could become the first Native American to win best actress.
The IDF says it is to facilitate troop movements but experts fear it could be used as a barrier.
The US is facing an office property "apocalypse", which is creating worries around the world.
With US military support stalled in Congress, European leaders are rapidly changing their thinking.
Attention focuses on a flashpoint holy site where violence has erupted in previous years.
As Apple begins to allow other app stores on iPhones one entrepreneur criticises its behaviour.
News of the launch of a single currency for East Africa spread fast - but it turned out not to be true.
A mum who struggled to conceive due to endometriosis wants to raise awareness of the condition.
The move follows attacks by gangs on the airport, police stations and prisons this week.
The Democratic Alliance aims to end to years of Socialist rule but will fall short of a majority.
Vets at Marwell Zoo have carried out root canal work on a 27-stone (170kg) tiger.
The comedian's treatment has shone a spotlight on the doctor seeking to make the process easier.
The ex-prime minister held a private meeting with the country's President Nicholas Maduro last month.
Fifty survivors and relatives of those killed in London, Manchester and Brussels are among the signatories.
Women race the Cresta Run's Ladies' Grand National for the first time since they were banned in 1921 - with the winner describing it as "the best thing I've ever done".
RAYE live at the Royal Albert Hall with the Heritage Orchestra and Flames Collective Choir
Shadow chancellor says Labour won’t be able to "turn things around straight away"
The campaigning behind the Academy Awards
A man was arrested on suspicion of criminal damage at the scene and was taken to hospital.
Constable John Haggan, 33, was shot while out with his pregnant wife in north Belfast in 1994.
Stephen Kerr has questioned whether the first minister "bent the rules" over aid agency funding.
Rebecca and Angharad Lewis are urging greater awareness of a heart condition which can be fatal.
After Liverpool's pulsating draw with Premier League title rivals Manchester City, Phil McNulty discusses five major talking points from the match.
France overpower winless Wales in an eight-try Six Nations thriller in Cardiff with Warren Gatland's side remaining bottom of the table.
Manager Ange Postecoglou says Tottenham's fans can "get excited" as they thrash 10-man Aston Villa to raise hopes of qualifying for the Champions League.
Tottenham qualify for the Women's FA Cup semi-finals after beating Man City in a penalty shootout after Spurs sent the game to extra-time with a last-minute equaliser.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy explains the importance of Darwin Nunez and Virgil van Dijk in Liverpool's draw with Manchester City - and their title bid.
Watch all the angles of France's Nolann Le Garrec's "incredible" 40-yard reverse pass against Wales at the Six Nations in Cardiff.
Nottingham Forest boss Nuno Espirito Santo says Brighton's Jakub Moder should have had a "clear red card" in his side's 1-0 defeat.
The Princess of Wales apologises "for confusion" after agencies recall the image over editing concerns.
BBC Verify looks at how the photo might have been altered after photo agencies pulled the image.
Frank Hester insists the alleged 2019 comments had "nothing to do" with Ms Abbott's ethnicity.
With a prime minister unable to return and violent criminals in control, Haiti is fast descending into anarchy.
Previously "less serious offenders" could be freed up to 18 days early but this is now up to 60 days.
A naked presenter, a clapping dog and a real-life Ken doll kept spirits high during the three-hour broadcast.
The first avian influenza cases in the penguins of South Georgia are reported by scientists.
The former Tory Party Vice-Chairman Mr Anderson was suspended after he said Islamists had "control" of Sadiq Khan.
Prior to his death, whistleblower John Barnett was testifying against Boeing over concerns about standards.
Plans for the controversial Citizenship Amendment Act are announced weeks ahead of the election.
Billie-Jo Suffill says she never received her dad's ashes from Legacy Independent Funeral Directors
The Texas festival lists the US Army as one of its sponsors, which some artists have objected to.
The 15-year-old, who could not swim, was allegedly attacked at a beach in Bournemouth in 2021.
Robert Downey Jr won his first Oscar, Emma Stone had a wardrobe malfunction and more best bits in 60 seconds.
The fashion is as important as the films at the glittering Hollywood award ceremony.
Cillian Murphy is the first Irish-born winner of the best actor award for his role as J Robert Oppenheimer.
The actor steals the show in his live performance with the Guns N' Roses rock legend.
See who has won and been nominated for this year's coveted Academy Awards in Hollywood.
After the Oscars, the stars hit Hollywood to celebrate their victories - or drown their sorrows.
Jonathan Glazer said he refuted his "Jewishness and the Holocaust being hijacked by an occupation".
New members Sweden and Finland join manoeuvres in northern Norway aimed at deterring Russia.
Rather than killing off the media gossip, the edited picture of the Princess of Wales and her children has ended with the media killing off the photo.
Residents were falsely promised they could live in mobile homes all year round on holiday parks, BBC finds.
Esther Ghey says she felt a 'connection' to Scarlett Jenkinson's mother after 'emotional' meeting.
The 24-year-old nurse posted videos of an attack online after her ex-boyfriend was "admonished" for his crimes.
China's pushed duelling narratives of openness and control at the National People's Congress.
Millions of Muslims in the UK and around the world are observing the holy month of Ramadan.
Vinyl music sales – led by Taylor Swift's success - return to the basket of goods used to track prices.
The King used his virtual address to thank the public for their support and call for Commonwealth unity.
It went for £15,000, but was immediately put up for sale by its new owner for double the price.
Sanjay Shah is one of nine people accused of defrauding Denmark through tax evasion and avoidance schemes.
The review focuses on devices frequently used in the NHS, like pulse oximeters and skin cancer apps.
Malaysia says it has been offered £100m to support the hosting of the 2026 Commonwealth Games.
Dashcam footage shows the car sliding along the carriageway with sparks flying out from underneath.
Oppenheimer wins big at the 96th Oscars
The revolution in shipping using 'ghost' vessels with hardly any crew on board.
Tax and spending cuts will have a significant impact on your finances, so here's what it means for you.
Ofgem has announced the latest price cap which will see bills fall from April.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 will be able to claim the benefit.
As rail fares rise on Sunday, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
The government has announced a further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers.
Two men get minimum terms of 20 and 24 years for a gang-related stabbing described as "retribution".
Alexander McCartney, from County Armagh, has pleaded guilty to 185 charges against more than 60 victims.
Lawyers are planning a major group action against housing providers over lung conditions linked to mould exposure.
People are advised to leave their homes but can choose to stay, a housing association says.
Cole Palmer is hugely influential as Chelsea beat Newcastle in the Premier League at Stamford Bridge.
Britain's Emma Raducanu loses in straights sets to Belarusian world number two Aryna Sabalenka in the third round at Indian Wells.
Kenneth Vargas' late strike sees off dangerous Greenock Morton to seal Heart of Midlothian's spot in the Scottish Cup semi-finals.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
British number one Cameron Norrie loses to Frenchman Gael Monfils in the third round at Indian Wells.
Racing's showpiece Cheltenham Festival starts on Tuesday with Irish trainer Willie Mullins set to dominate at the four-day meeting.
After Cole Palmer inspires Chelsea to victory against Newcastle with Gareth Southgate watching in the stands, will he force his way into England's Euro 2024 squad?
It comes after Business Secretary Kemi Badenoch broke ranks to say Frank Hester's reported words were racist.
UK foreign secretary demands answers from the Israeli government over how medical staff were treated.
Medical staff at Nasser hospital say they were blindfolded, detained, and forced to strip by Israeli soldiers.
The Home Office is offering up to £3,000 to encourage people to relocate to the East African country.
The Tate brothers can be sent back to the UK after separate proceedings in Romania end, a judge ruled.
Two bailed in police inquiry into Legacy Independent Funeral Directors in Hull.
Russian rebel forces claim villages in Kursk and Belgorod areas - Moscow says the attacks failed.
The late Russian opposition leader's team says Volkov was assaulted with a hammer and pepper sprayed.
Arsenal reach the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time since 2010 after beating Porto in a penalty shootout.
It comes after a review found there was "not enough evidence" the drugs are safe or effective.
The convicted sex offender's lawyers argue she is covered by a deal made with prosecutors in 2008.
Justin Welby and Stephen Cotterell warn the move risks the right to worship and peaceful protest.
The Darts Regulation Authority suspends world number 82 Adam Smith-Neale after he allegedly assaulted an opponent at an amateur event.
Haiti's prime minister has been forced to resign as gang violence surged - so who stands to gain?
There's intense public interest in the Mother's Day picture. But what are the risks for the royals?
Irish singer CMAT turned heads for different reasons at the Brits and the BBC 6 Music Festival.
Strictly Come Dancing costumes, a Sooty puppet and Stan Laurel's hat go on display at Showtown.
Former US President Donald Trump tried to ban the app in 2020, but now opposes plans to restrict it.
The BBC meets the drone operators helping to resist Russia's attempts to dominate the Black Sea.
The mothers of James Quigley and Joe Dix describe the pain of losing their sons to gang rivalry.
The charity ship Open Arms aims to deliver 200 tonnes of food as part of a new maritime aid corridor.
It comes as an aid bill in Congress stalls and as Ukrainian troops run out of battlefield supplies.
Nicole Scherzinger, Sarah Jessica Parker and Sarah Snook are among the big names shortlisted.
The Prince of Wales joined Lady Gabriella Kingston, daughter of the Duke of Kent, for the private funeral.
Then-health minister Eluned Morgan says Welsh people felt like "second-class citizens" during Covid.
A five-star series of waves push up the River Severn in daylight for the first time since 2019.
Exclusive new evidence on mental health deaths suggests Norfolk and Suffolk trust didn't take action.
Oppenheimer wins big at the 96th Oscars
The revolution in shipping using 'ghost' vessels with hardly any crew on board.
There are 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
Millions of workers in the UK will see their wages go up in April.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but still remains above the 2% target.
Ofgem has announced the latest price cap which will see bills fall from April.
Cavan Medlock denies charges of making a threat to kill solicitor Toufique Hossain.
Speaking in Washington, Chris Heaton-Harris said the government had sympathy for victims' families.
Will unacceptable behaviour by some fans force clubs, the SFA and SPFL to consider more drastic action?
Asking if pupils are self-harming is a common question since the pandemic, one school says.
Arsenal reach the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time since 2010 after beating Porto in a penalty shootout.
Barcelona reach the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time in four years with an entertaining victory over Napoli at Estadi de Montjuic.
England wing Immanuel Feyi-Waboso is ruled out of the Six Nations finale against France on Saturday because of concussion.
Carlos Alcaraz continues his title defence with a straight-set win against Hungary's Fabian Marozsan to reach the last eight at Indian Wells.
Al-Hilal, Saudi Arabia's most decorated team, have broken the world record for most consecutive wins by a top-flight side.
Novak Djokovic criticised his own performance after he was knocked out of the ATP Masters at Indian Wells by world number 123 Luca Nardi.
London Lions make history as they become the first British basketball team to reach a European final by defeating Umana Reyer Venice in the EuroCup Women at the Copper Box Arena.
The PM says Frank Hester's alleged comments about Diane Abbott were "racist" but his "remorse" should be accepted.
A spokesperson for the Speaker said he "ran out of time" to call the MP during PMQs.
Itay Regev, 19, told the BBC he was held in "horrific" conditions by "very, very vicious" captors.
UNRWA says an employee was killed in a strike in Rafah, which Israel says killed a Hamas commander.
Trailblazing footballer Josh Cavallo says "it felt right to share this special moment on the pitch" after he proposed to his partner at Adelaide United's Coopers Stadium.
The bill would force a Chinese tech giant to sell its stake in the app, but its fate in the Senate is unclear.
Families report "sleepless nights" after 35 bodies and ashes were removed from a funeral director.
The woman behind the mask explains why she dressed up to tend to an orphaned baby fox.
The politician had used a controversial phrase in a speech at a pro-Palestinian demonstration.
A UAE-backed group trying to buy the Telegraph and Spectator said it is "extremely disappointed".
The 43-year-old says she has had four operations in 10 months, including a double mastectomy.
Samaria Ayanle, 19, was last seen on CCTV footage in central London almost three weeks ago.
A holiday maker is suspected of drowning as she tried to save her husband when he had a heart attack.
Recent weeks have tested the ability of politics to respond to giant concepts for the 2020s.
The BBC secures rare access to Taesung village hidden in the heart of Korea's DMZ
Some clinics don't make clear the chances of successfully having a baby, the BBC has found.
Haitians tell the BBC how they were forced to flee as a wave of gang violence swept through the capital.
Schools often consult parents about RSHE teaching, but some disagreements have led to protests.
She is the world's most listened-to French female singer, but should Aya Nakamura perform at the Games?
Building a floating dock poses logistical and security challenges - how might it actually work?
The outgoing first minister criticised the former prime minister's leadership during the pandemic.
Rami Hamdan Al-Halhouli was shot by an Israeli police officer in the walled-in Shuafat refugee camp.
She also told the Old Bailey that Jesus lived in a barn and Bedouin children survive in cold deserts.
Luton Town captain Tom Lockyer calls the medics who saved his life "heroes" as he returns to Bournemouth to thank them.
The BBC broadcaster tells a hearing he suffered violent beatings as a pupil at Edinburgh Academy.
Lorries used a gate in the border fence to reach the north, where the UN says famine is looming.
The UK economy picked up in January, raising hopes it could be on its way out of recession.
A study of whales sheds light on the evolutionary puzzle of the menopause.
Jordan Davies explores why the ban on the American XL bully dog is controversial.
A spokesperson for the PM released the statement late on Tuesday.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but still remains above the 2% target.
The politician had used a controversial phrase in a speech at a pro-Palestinian demonstration.
Roy Reynolds was beaten and stabbed to death before his body was dumped in a reservoir.
Police say two people suffered serious injuries following the incident in Hamilton Court, Paisley.
Taisiia returned to Kyiv for 21 days due to the state of the home she was offered in Swansea.
On a night when all eyes were on the Champions League, the Premier League witnessed its biggest comeback win in more than 20 years as Bournemouth beat Luton 4-3.
Borussia Dortmund reach the Champions League quarter-finals for the first time in three years thanks to goals from Jadon Sancho and Marco Reus against PSV Eindhoven.
Atletico Madrid dramatically beat Inter Milan on penalties to reach the Champions League quarter-finals and eliminate last season's runners-up.
At his lowest moment, Felipe Nystrom awoke from an overdose, sad to have survived. His story of recovery and resilience since has captivated one corner of the cycling world.
The gap between the mega-rich and merely rich has grown in the Champions League over the past five years, leaving a situation where shocks are hard to come by.
Bournemouth produce one of the greatest Premier League comebacks as they recover from 3-0 down to beat Luton in a seven-goal thriller at Vitality Stadium.
Labour suspended Diane Abbott for saying Irish, Jewish, and Traveller people do not face racism "all their lives".
The Tory party has reportedly not declared all its funding from controversial Tory party donor Frank Hester.
Despite the guaranteed result, the Kremlin is keen to make the election appear legitimate.
Militants have reportedly stormed a hotel near the presidential palace in Somalia's capital Mogadishu.
Michigan man James Crumbley faced the same charges that saw his wife convicted last month.
How a team of former addicts are trying to stop others from becoming "deaths of despair" in Blackpool.
There had been speculation the PM might hold a ballot on the same day as local elections.
The retired aircraft, known for flying across the Atlantic Ocean in less than three hours, underwent a restoration.
Shipwreck survivors tell rescuers they had set sail from Libya a week earlier.
The presenter announces her first major new TV project since quitting the daytime show last year.
Chioma Nnadi replaces Edward Enninful, who broke boundaries at the fashion magazine.
A pending trademark application reportedly shows the brand plans to sell home goods and preserved foods.
He was at a youth centre in London, where he took part in activities, including biscuit-decorating.
The patients were not let through the Rafah crossing despite being named on authorised departure lists.
Itay Regev was kidnapped from the Nova music festival along with his sister and a friend.
Medical staff at Nasser hospital say they were blindfolded, detained, and forced to strip by Israeli soldiers.
It comes ahead of a planned offensive in the city of Rafah, where 1.4 million people are sheltering.
Testimony and video show how people in the grounds of Nasser hospital were shot at, killed and wounded.
Undocumented Haitian immigrants are being deported from the Dominican Republic as unrest in Haiti grows.
The MP was discussed in the House of Commons but was not selected to have her say.
PM rules out vote on same day as local elections
In Borovsk, Steve Rosenberg looks at the Russia Putin wants you to see - and Russia in reality.
Children hid under desks as Ciran Stapleton kept an armed intruder talking in the school corridor.
Groups deemed extremist will be blocked from government funding and meeting officials.
Emmy-winning actor Billy Crudup is starring in a one-man play, Harry Clarke, in London's West End.
The communities secretary has told MPs of five groups to be assessed against the new definition.
Russian figure skater Kamila Valieva was given 56 medications, nutritional and dietary supplements, the Court of Arbitration for Sport reveals.
Constance Marten's family were "embarrassed" of her children with Mark Gordon, she tells the Old Bailey.
The satellite signal of an RAF aircraft carrying the defence secretary was interfered with on Wednesday.
Boiler makers faced fines if they missed sales targets aimed at making home heating greener.
The James Bond star admitted to entering Yellowstone National Park's off-limits acidic hot springs.
The novel tells the story of a middle-class Irish family imploding against a background of crisis.
How a social media post celebrating Mother’s Day caused a Royal public relations crisis.
A spokesperson for the PM released the statement late on Tuesday.
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but still remains above the 2% target.
There are 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
Elianne Andam, 15, was stabbed as she made her way to school in south London in September.
The Economy Minister says he is focussing on NI's dual access to EU and GB markets.
The new law comes into force next month but already concerns are raised around how it will be enforced.
A report says that fatal medical mistakes are happening because of language barriers.
Defender Conor Bradley says Liverpool want to "win every trophy" possible for departing boss Jurgen Klopp as the club reach the Europa League quarter-finals.
Luke Humphries completes back-to-back night victories and replaces Michael van Gerwen at the top of the Premier League table.
Captain Jamie George says England have reviewed footage of last year's record home defeat by France as they prepare to enact revenge in the Six Nations.
Galopin Des Champs bids to defend the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Friday for record-breaking trainer Willie Mullins as the big race marks its 100th anniversary.
Aston Villa defeat Ajax at a raucous Villa Park to move into the Europa Conference League quarter-finals.
Banned Russian figure skater Kamila Valieva was given 56 medications, nutritional and dietary supplements, the Court of Arbitration for Sport reveals.
BBC Sport's Six Nations pundits reveal their desert island nightmares, their alternative career ambitions, and some brutal home truths.
Police say they believe all the families have been contacted over the "truly awful incident".
At least eight people are held for a series of attacks including green dye being poured into ballot boxes.
The first crates of food are on dry ground, but how it will be distributed in Gaza remains unclear.
Lenny Henry is hosting his final annual Red Nose Day appeal after nearly four decades.
The actress says she dislikes being told or asked about controversies about her former husband.
Part of the M25 is shut for the first scheduled daytime closure of all lanes since opening in 1986.
A storm system struck Indiana, Kentucky and Ohio, where multiple warnings were issued.
Ex-England midfielder Karen Carney says a kit clash that delayed the Women's Super League match between Chelsea and Arsenal is "embarrassing".
It comes during an ongoing investigation into how a Latam flight suddenly dropped injuring 50 people.
The woman who made accusations about Christian Horner's behaviour is to appeal against Red Bull's decision to dismiss her complaint.
The British model and actress thought her two cats had died in the blaze - but
Two people were shot in east London in separate but "linked" attacks, 10 days apart.
The local authority - and others - had accused the tech giant of misleading shareholders.
Saturday's papers include tributes to Sir Lenny Henry's final Comic Relief hosting bow.
Chioma Nnadi replaces Edward Enninful, who broke boundaries at the fashion magazine.
Jasna Macanovic was sacked after questioning a "risky" dialysis practice championed by ex-colleagues.
The outgoing first minister says "many people" in hospital are there because they have drunk too much.
The US has announced sanctions against three more Israeli settlers in the West Bank.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
How a team of former addicts are trying to stop others from becoming "deaths of despair" in Blackpool.
The image of a hanging Anne Hughes, 72, has been painted on the shop shutter by a graffiti artist.
The hush-money trial will no longer begin on 25 March, but a new date is yet to be determined.
Company says the worldwide issue happened during a 'configuration change' but was not cyber-related.
Schoolgirl Jessica Baker, 15 was killed in the crash after Stephen Shrimpton collapsed at the wheel.
Carlos Alcaraz and Alexander Zverev's quarter-final was suspended for nearly two hours, after bees descended on Indian Wells.
The monster fruit is the size of a ping-pong ball and weighs 20.4g, about 10 times the average blueberry.
The winning photographs from this year's British Wildlife Photography Awards.
Voting begins in Russian election which Putin is bound to win
How a social media post celebrating Mother’s Day caused a royal public relations crisis.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 will be able to claim the benefit.
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
Part of the M25 is shut for the first scheduled daytime closure of all lanes since opening in 1986.
The US president also discusses the Israel-Gaza conflict during bilateral talks with Taoiseach Leo Varadkar.
The SNP leader is expected to make the remarks at a party event where the general election campaign will be discussed.
Jeremy Miles or Vaughan Gething will be set to become first minister when the result is declared.
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes says she let herself down with her comments about relationships between players.
England come from behind to beat France with a bonus point and clinch the Under-20 Six Nations title despite Ireland's earlier win over Scotland.
The woman who made accusations about Christian Horner's behaviour is to appeal against Red Bull's decision to dismiss her complaint.
US Open champion Wyndham Clark holds a four-shot lead over Xander Schauffele and Nick Taylor with Matt Fitzpatrick one further back at the Players Championship.
Centre Manu Tuilagi refused to comment on his future plans amid reports linking with a move abroad.
Saints join Wigan on eight points at the top of the Super League table after an 18-8 win over Leeds.
Man City make Bruno Guimaraes contact, Liverpool want Bayern's Jamal Musiala, Arsenal line up Braham Diaz move, plus more.
Vaughan Gething narrowly beats Jeremy Miles to win the Welsh Labour leadership election.
Ireland retain the Six Nations by beating Scotland in Dublin, a result that ends England's hopes of snatching the title.
It is the fourth eruption on the Reykjanes Peninsula since December - and Grindavik is evacuated again.
Students in Belgorod - which is near the border with Ukraine - will not go to school early next week.
Sainsbury's cancels deliveries due on Saturday as Tesco also apologises over cancellations.
Earl Spencer also tells Laura Kuenssberg about the violent punishments he and his sister suffered at the hands of a nanny.
A detour route is in place as the first scheduled daytime closure of all lanes on the M25 continues.
The star, who played Charlie Fairhead in the BBC One medical drama, is its longest-serving cast member.
Thomas Ramos kicks the winning penalty from the halfway line as France edge England in a seven-try thriller to finish second in the 2024 Six Nations.
Two people are shot in east London in separate but "linked" attacks, police say.
A 26-year-old suspect "surrendered peacefully" to officers, Trenton Police Department said.
The Lib Dem leader will say his party is the only one to offer "transformational change".
Manchester City cruise into the FA Cup semi-finals with a comfortable victory over a jaded and disappointing Newcastle United at Etihad Stadium.
Fans of the wizarding world have denounced Miriam Margolyes, who said the franchise was for children.
Israel may be fighting in Gaza, but fear remains a war with Hezbollah could turn the conflict into something even deadlier.
As soon as Vaughan Gething was announced as Welsh Labour's new leader, thoughts turned to the general election.
American Riviera Orchard has already amassed hundreds of thousands of online followers.
We speak to people addicted to work after writer James Graham reveals he has the condition.
The French president has dramatically changed from an appeaser to an arch resister of Vladimir Putin.
Experts say there is "no strong evidence" the monitors, proven to be effective in managing diabetes, can also help people without the condition.
Could a daring experiment help our planet or is it a dangerous distraction?
No-one is injured after the 737-800 lands without an external panel, which went unnoticed in flight.
Comedian and fundraiser Sir Lenny Henry hosts his final Comic Relief - almost 40 years after he co-founded the charity.
Dozens of hare and bird corpses were scattered in front of Broughton Community Shop.
The SNP leader makes the remarks at a party event where the general election campaign was being discussed.
She was walking with a male companion when they were set upon by a bear, local officials say.
Three people died in the crash on the A44 Spetchley Road in Worcester on 22 February.
Earl Spencer tells Laura about the abuse he and Diana suffered as children
Two people are shot in east London in separate but "linked" attacks, police say.
With fewer than 6% of NI people registered as stem cell donors, families stress importance of lifeline.
Ireland retain the Six Nations by beating Scotland in Dublin, a result that ends England's hopes of snatching the title.
Enforcement is due to begin six months after the default 20mph limit was introduced.
Ireland retain the Six Nations by beating Scotland in Dublin, a result that ends England's hopes of snatching the title.
Tottenham "didn't put in the effort" and need a "big wake-up call" after their defeat by Fulham at Craven Cottage, says captain Son Heung-min.
Watch highlights as Ireland beat Scotland 17-13 to retain the Six Nations title.
A late Thomas Ramos penalty gives France a thrilling 33-31 victory over England in Lille on the final weekend of the 2024 Six Nations.
Manchester City cruise into the FA Cup semi-finals with a comfortable victory over a jaded and disappointing Newcastle United at Etihad Stadium.
Thomas Ramos kicks the winning penalty from the halfway line as France edge England in a seven-try thriller to finish second in the 2024 Six Nations.
Coventry City stun Wolverhampton Wanderers to reach the FA Cup semi-finals for only the second time in their history thanks to two stoppage-time goals at Molineux.
Officials give Vladimir Putin 87% of the vote, in an election where no credible opponent could stand.
President Vladimir Putin thanks Russians for putting their trust in him as he celebrates his election win.
The BBC speaks to Haitians who braved a treacherous journey out of Port-au-Prince as hunger worsens.
How months of trauma after seeing loved ones killed or held captive in Gaza is taking its toll.
Banksy documentary maker James Peak believes the work, near Finsbury Park, is by the elusive artist.
A 49-year-old woman and 72-year-old man are hospitalised during the attack in Liptovský Mikuláš.
The unprecedented daytime closure had closed one of the country's busiest stretches of motorway.
Amad Diallo scores deep into extra time as Manchester United beat bitter rivals Liverpool 4-3 in a classic to reach the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Powerful lava flows began late on Saturday - but authorities say they have since diminished significantly.
The rock star, whose song Make Me Smile was a number one in 1975, was being treated for cancer.
Mark Harper says the party welcome members "whatever their race" as a row over comments by a donor continues.
Thousands of people have gathered across the world this weekend to celebrate St Patrick's Day.
The Israeli prime minister says no international pressure will stop Israel from achieving all its war aims.
Despite the guaranteed result, the Kremlin has been keen to make the election appear legitimate.
Monday's papers reflect on Vladimir Putin's election victory over the weekend and arrests in Russia.
The prison is being remade into a rehabilitation centre that will not include people sentenced to death.
The creators of Game of Thrones on switching fantasy for sci-fi for their TV show, 3 Body Problem.
The US plane giant is under pressure from regulators and airlines, and its reputation is badly damaged.
The star teamed up with Indian singer Diljit Dosanjh at his concert in Mumbai, delighting the crowd.
Daisy-Mae, from Essex, has an anxiety condition that causes her to freeze.
People across Northern Ireland are celebrating the saint's day in both religious and secular ways.
Princess Diana's brother says he needed residential mental health treatment after writing a book about his childhood.
The Lib Dem leader called on party members to "bring the blue wall tumbling down" in his conference speech.
The party's ex-deputy leader says Diane Abbott is a "trailblazer" but it was right to investigate her.
Councils in England will have to carry out leaflet drops and run surveys under new government guidance.
A video appears to show the student being attacked before being made to kiss a boy's shoes.
Prague's elderly mayor coughs and splutters during a public meeting as authorities battle increase.
A senior cabinet minister has denied it’s a problem in the Conservative Party.
How a social media post celebrating Mother’s Day caused a royal public relations crisis.
The NHS trust says medical equipment came away from its fitting and fell to the ground.
People across Northern Ireland are celebrating the saint's day in both religious and secular ways.
Pete Wishart says he will not use any "Tory-free rhetoric" in his election campaign.
New figures show the average wait in Wales to have the condition diagnosed is the longest in the UK.
There is life in Erik ten Hag yet as Manchester United manager, writes Phil McNulty, after their dramatic FA Cup quarter-final win over Liverpool.
Scottie Scheffler overcomes a neck injury and record five-shot deficit in the final round to become the first man to defend the Players Championship.
Caragh McMurtry spent five years taking debilitating medication for a condition she didn't have. Now, the former Great Britain rower is fighting to ensure no-one has to suffer in the same way.
Bayer Leverkusen edge closer to the Bundesliga title after picking up a win at Freiburg.
Who is like LeBron James, who is the "find of the tournament" and who still delivers pizza? Meet the new Six Nations stars.
World number two Carlos Alcaraz defends his Indian Wells title with a straight-set win over Daniil Medvedev in a repeat of last year's final.
Manchester United keep their trophy hopes alive for this season and end Liverpool's quest for four trophies with a dramatic extra-time victory in an FA Cup quarter-final classic at Old Trafford.
Bodies pile up even in the "safest" areas of Port-au-Prince, a capital city reeling from gang warfare.
The president addresses thousands in Moscow after official figures suggest he won 87% of the vote.
Labour continues its opposition, flagging how six flights to space cost the same as each deportation.
More than a million people in Gaza are already starving, says the global body responsible for declaring famine.
New undersea cables and power lines could add up to £30 a year to energy bills, a new plan suggests.
The UK government will establish an independent football regulator when the Football Governance Bill is introduced in Parliament on Tuesday.
Ron Baynham turned out 434 times for Luton Town and carried on playing after breaking his skull.
The number of newlyweds rises for the first time in nine years as authorities try to reverse record-low birth rates.
The model has been declared bankrupt by a High Court judge over a "substantial" unpaid tax bill.
Crowds have gathered to see a new tree mural in north London after street artist Banksy claimed the piece.
The former president must either pay the full amount in cash or secure a bond to continue his appeal.
If there is to be a crunch leadership moment, most MPs seem to think it would come after the local elections, the BBC's chief political correspondent says.
The Conservative peer admitted breaking the speed limit seven times in 2023.
A photo of the Princess of Wales in public post-surgery and the latest Rwanda Bill votes feature on the front pages.
The Russian president will get a confidence boost from the tightly controlled election, says Steve Rosenberg.
The BBC gets rare access to a US aircraft carrier trying to protect merchant vessels in the Red Sea.
Havering, and many other councils, are trying to provide vital services and stave off financial ruin.
The financial support to help households replace their gas boilers with heat pumps is increasing.
How 54 Malawian women trafficked to Oman to work in slave-like conditions were rescued.
Greenpeace could be thrown out of the UN body overseeing deep-sea mining for obstructing a research expedition.
The former US president arrives in London for an unannounced visit to see the UK PM.
Israel says it killed 20 "terrorists" in the operation, which Hamas-run authorities call a war crime.
Clients at Ethiopia's biggest commercial bank are being urged to return any money that isn't theirs.
Autonomy founder Mike Lynch is accused of fraudulently inflating the value of his software firm.
Nottingham Forest receive an immediate four-point deduction for breaching Premier League profit and sustainability rules.
Homeowners and buyers have more choice than at any time for 16 years but little time to make up their minds.
The TV channel is put "on notice" by the media regulator over its use of politicians as presenters.
Mystery artist confirms new London tree mural is his work
The story of a teenage road death told by his family and first responders.
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Mr Lockwood, former director general of the police watchdog, is due to face an Old Bailey trial.
PSNI officers are no longer allowed to attend Pride events while wearing uniform.
A 17-year-old boy remains in a critical condition following the crash on the A91 on Sunday.
Wales' first minister will tender his resignation on Tuesday after five years in the job.
Nottingham Forest receive an immediate four-point deduction for breaching Premier League profit and sustainability rules.
The UK government will establish an independent football regulator when the Football Governance Bill is introduced in Parliament on Tuesday.
Dame Laura Kenny, Britain's most successful female Olympian, announces her retirement from cycling.
John Barclay and Sam Warburton pick different fly-halves in their teams of the tournament. Who do they pick?
Ireland's rendition of Robbie Williams' 'Angels' and Juan Ignacio Brex drinking a fan's beer feature among the best moments from the final round of the Six Nations.
Football management for black former players is "pretty much all snakes and no ladders", the Black Footballers Partnership has said.
BBC teams report from the devastated capital and hear accounts of rapes and street executions from refugees.
Secretary of State Antony Blinken says it is the first time this has happened and calls for more aid.
Reports say medical staff allegedly attempted to access the Princess of Wales's medical records.
Footage of the Princess of Wales out shopping has stoked false theories already circulating online.
Nicholas Hawkes sent unsolicited photos of his genitals to a 15-year-old girl and a woman.
Authorities say Article 23 is necessary for stability, but critics fear it will further erode civil liberties.
An ordering slip-up has left the shop on Sanday desperately trying to get rid of more than 700 eggs.
The group say their lives have been blighted by various health problems as a result of the tests.
Video shows a rider being pushed against railings by a car after a disagreement with its driver.
An employee says a "group of criminals" targeted the Bank of the Republic of Haiti, but police hit back.
The PM has already said his "working assumption" is a poll will be held in the second half of this year.
Rachel Reeves says Labour is "under no illusions" of the challenge if voted in.
Video shows the North Korean leader speaking to military officials as rockets fire into the sky.
An alleged breach of the Princess of Wales's privacy and pledges by the shadow chancellor feature on the front pages.
The former president has six days to secure it, but there are a few ways the New York fraud case could play out.
Hong Kong has passed a law called Article 23 - raising fears about civil liberties.
Directors of a new film about Rose Dugdale who died on Monday, say the movie is a "balancing act".
The actress plays the Newsnight journalist in a new film that recreates her Prince Andrew interview.
As a study says veterans need better mental health care, bereaved families share their stories.
Marvel star Aaron Taylor-Johnson is in the frame as the next actor playing James Bond, reports say.
The first minister has to pause while talking about the "hardest and saddest year of my life".
The 87-year-old pontiff says he sees "no justification" for giving the post up, despite a spate of health issues.
The supermarket giant has to change its yellow circle logo after a ruling it infringed Lidl's trademark.
The indictment paves the way for the former Brazilian president to face possible criminal charges.
Taxpayers seeking help with self-assessment will need to use online services from 8 April to 30 September.
Russian and Belarusian athletes will not take part in the opening ceremony at the 2024 Olympics in Paris, says the IOC.
The two victims were handcuffed, beaten and mocked with racial slurs. One was shot in the mouth.
And the shortage of childcare places worsens
Inside the world of one of the fastest growing fertility treatments in the UK.
Gavin Harper told a jury he wanted "proof" his wife was having an affair when he followed the pair.
It will now be up to the UK government who will decide whether to adopt or veto the new EU law.
Independent advisers say ministers have not delivered the policies to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
The new Welsh Labour leader is almost certain to be backed as the next first minister.
Sjoeke Nusken's double helps Chelsea earn a comfortable win at Ajax and take control of their Women's Champions League quarter-final.
Aryna Sabalenka intends to play in the Miami Open following the death of her boyfriend, former ice hockey player Konstantin Koltsov.
Referees' chief Howard Webb says VAR was right not to interfere in Liverpool being denied a late penalty against Manchester City.
England centre Manu Tuilagi will leave Sale Sharks at the end of the season to join French club Bayonne.
After his first England senior call-up, BBC Sport charts the rise of Manchester United youngster Kobbie Mainoo.
BBC Sport Wales profiles Ben Davies, a Wales and Tottenham stalwart but one who prefers to shun the limelight.
What do the statistics tells us about the most competitive championship since Italy joined the Six Nations in 2000?
The prime minister tells the BBC the economy has "turned a corner" as he is challenged on rising bills.
The Bank is widely expected to keep rates at 5.25% for now, but cut them later in the year.
Peers vote for changes to the government's legislation, which will delay it further from becoming law.
The cost of renting is increasing in all parts of the UK, according to the Office for National Statistics.
French president is snapped working the punch bag, days after getting tough on Russia,
Australian Open champion Aryna Sabalenka asks for privacy after the 'unthinkable tragedy' of the death of her former boyfriend.
Jian Wen, 42, from north London, was involved in converting Bitcoin into assets like luxury houses.
Legacy funeral home gave Peter Welburn a box of ashes 25 days before his wife was cremated, he says.
Fine Gael leader Leo Varadkar became the Republic of Ireland's youngest prime minister in 2017.
The jury's verdict comes after hearing how killer Luke D'Wit used the opioid painkiller fentanyl.
It includes a goal for more than half of all new vehicles sold to be electric by 2032. It was 7.6% last year.
It follows reports, first published by the Daily Mirror, that a staff member at the London Clinic attempted to access her private medical reports.
Tradition dictates that the tree comes down in January - but one family wants to keep the lights on.
Defeats for the government in the House of Lords and what falling inflation could mean lead Thursday's papers.
BBC teams report from the devastated capital and hear accounts of rapes and street executions from refugees.
Varadkar also made history as the first gay PM and the first from an ethnic minority background.
The Woman's Hour presenter explains why she applied for a document to recognise her pregnancy loss.
Find out if your favourite programmes and actors have been nominated for Britain's top TV prizes.
Vaughan Gething is backed as Wales' new first minister in a Senedd vote to succeed Mark Drakeford.
Fifty years on, former royal bodyguard Jim Beaton recalls helping to save the princess from a gunman.
The painting had not been publicly exhibited since 1977 and was sold at auction at Christie's.
Ten people died at the concert, but new court documents suggest the tragedy could've been avoided.
Ballot results give British Medical Association another six-month mandate for walkouts in England.
The operator of the Jacobite steam train says it has not been granted an exemption to a safety rule.
Josh Tapper, 26, has been chosen by Labour for Hertsmere, the seat currently held by Oliver Dowden.
The US secretary of state lands in Saudi Arabia, as fighting rages around Gaza's al-Shifa hospital.
Simon Case and Richard Moore resign from the Garrick Club after a backlash over membership.
The Prime Minister calls falling inflation a turning point, is he right?
The serious state of disrepair at three Pontins Holiday Parks exposed.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
Daniel McBride drove a stolen car at motorway speeds during the chase in Sheffield, an inquest hears.
Fine Gael leader Leo Varadkar became the Republic of Ireland's youngest prime minister in 2017.
Experts say unqualified beauticians should not be injecting customers with cosmetic treatments.
Jordan Edwards says the cost of rent and bills make it a struggle to save for a home.
Wales will be one win away from Euro 2024 if they beat Finland in their home play-off semi-final on Thursday.
Susie Wolff takes legal action against motorsport's governing body the FIA following its controversial conflict of interest inquiry into her last year.
Manchester United's 18-year-old midfielder Kobbie Mainoo says he is targeting a place in England's Euro 2024 squad after a "mad couple of days".
Australian Open champion Aryna Sabalenka asks for privacy after the 'unthinkable tragedy' of the death of her former boyfriend.
Former Australia captain Meg Lanning is selected by London Spirit in The Hundred draft but David Warner misses out.
Andy Murray earns a much-needed win over an ailing Matteo Berrettini in Miami, with fellow Briton Jack Draper also through.
Watch the funniest and weirdest moments from this year's Six Nations, including a singing dog, a mysterious plant and Joe Marler's tractor chat.
In a landmark lawsuit, the justice department alleges the company uses its power to limit competition.
BBC obtains "eye-watering" figures showing nearly £55,000 of interest was accumulated on one balance.
The environment secretary has been a vocal opponent of a planned waste incinerator in his seat.
Labour's deputy leader tells BBC Newsnight she has been assured by tax experts she owes no money.
Test for patients in England checks if tumours can be treated with pills rather than chemotherapy.
It is the second time Israeli forces have gone into al-Shifa, where they say Hamas has regrouped.
Affected women born in the 1950s should receive compensation of between £1,000 and £2,950, a report says.
The Labour leader speaks out as fans, pundits and politicians criticise the £124.99 shirt.
The bakery owner's son stole the Queen's limelight when visiting Belfast on Thursday.
The Bank of England has kept the cost of borrowing at 5.25% for the fifth time in a row.
The pair are suspected to have been involved in two homicides while on the run since Wednesday.
Employees claim reforms recommended by an independent lawyer-led review are yet to take place.
Firefighters responded to the incident after it crashed into power lines and its basket became detached.
Women born in the 1950s hit by the rise in state pension age react to a report recommending compensation.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The energy price crisis caused the sharpest increase in absolute poverty in 30 years, official figures show.
Neuroferritinopathy is a brain disease which traps people, mostly from one family, in their bodies.
Sarah Molin, 20, was a computer science student but now lives in a makeshift camp, reports Will Grant.
The "Ghost Army" used inflatable tanks and Hollywood-style special effects to trick the German army.
What happened to three-year-old Dwelaniyah Robinson and how did his murderer mum try to hide it?
A museum is hoping to find vital clues about the identity of the child in the beguiling portrait.
Leicester City are charged by the Premier League with allegedly breaking spending rules during their last three seasons in the top flight.
Staff are no longer allowed to wear accessories for social movements to minimise risk of "perceived bias".
Paola Marra calls for new laws on assisted dying before travelling to Switzerland to end her life.
An internal investigation finds a "worrying allegation", made in 2009, was not escalated to managers.
Surgeons say using animals for organ donation could cut waiting lists and save lives.
Martin Greenfield was one of the US' most renowned tailors, dressing six presidents and numerous celebrities.
Report finds women affected by change in state pension “owed” compensation
Jean Mackenzie on filming in a tiny village in Korea's Demilitarised Zone.
The state pension will rise by 8.5% in April following a pledge to protect the value of the benefit.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Train drivers at 16 rail firms are set to stage walkouts in April, with Tube strikes in April and May.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Shannon Grant tied up, tortured and murdered Natasha Morais before hiding her body under a bed.
Police officers found the body of a man in his 60s, and a woman with serious head injuries.
It includes a licensing scheme for grouse shoots, a ban on snares and controls on moorland burning.
Coroners say they are frustrated lessons have not been learnt to prevent deaths in north Wales.
Manager Robert Page believes Wales are in a stronger position for Tuesday's Euro 2024 play-off final against Poland than when they qualified for the 2022 World Cup via the same route.
The former Brazil international was convicted in Italy for his part in a gang rape in 2013.
Leicester City are charged by the Premier League with allegedly breaking spending rules during their last three seasons in the top flight.
Wales are just one win away from Euro 2024 after beating Finland in their play-off semi-final at Cardiff City Stadium.
Bukayo Saka withdraws from the England squad for the forthcoming friendlies against Brazil and Belgium because of injury.
World champion Luke Humphries wins a third successive Premier League Darts night in a row in Dublin.
Kate releases video message saying she is having preventative chemotherapy after cancer was found in tests.
In a video statement, Catherine says she is undergoing preventative chemotherapy after cancer was found in tests.
Prince Harry and Meghan say they hope Catherine and her family can heal "privately and in peace".
In a video message she said she started preventative chemotherapy last month.
More than 100 people were wounded when gunmen opened fire at the Crocus City Hall, Russia's FSB adds.
BBC Verify examines video taken by those caught up in the attack on the Crocus City Hall theatre outside Moscow.
Mr Hunt says an upper limit on earnings to access free childcare is an issue he "would really like to sort out".
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken is also visiting Israel as the US grows more critical of Israel's military operations.
England boss Gareth Southgate says having the Three Lions on the team's shirt is "the most important thing" amid the controversy about the St George's Cross design on the new kit.
A top government lawyer raised bias concerns over plan to halt a waste incinerator in Steve Barclay's constituency.
The Portsmouth MP says she is focussed on doing her current job and called speculation "nonsense".
Alma's parents, brothers and sister were all killed when a bomb destroyed the building they were sheltering in.
Matthew Modine says he's already written the marriage vows for Millie Bobby Brown and Jake Bongiovi.
Large areas of Ukraine are suffering blackouts after Russian missiles targeted energy infrastructure.
Ukraine says Russian attacks on critical infrastructure left five dead and widespread blackouts.
A group of Liverpool fans will receive compensation for injuries and distress caused at the 2022 Champions League final.
Letters sent by the FBI to those on board confirm that a criminal investigation is underway.
Saturday's papers all lead with the Princess of Wales's announcement of her cancer diagnosis.
Ri, Zo, Sim, and Suchi are members of India's first mainstream girl group in over 20 years.
Trump's social media firm has been acquired - a deal that could produce a windfall as he fights legal penalties.
A Scottish grandmother gained thousands of followers after teaming up with a world-famous gamer.
Could a change in the economic weather keep the prime minister in Downing Street?
Ukrainians are fleeing villages close to Russia amid a rise in cross-border attacks.
In a video message Princess Catherine discusses diagnosis and treatment
The new term has begun, but secondary school remains closed to girls for another academic year.
The PM attacks the Labour leader for "taking the British people for granted" at local election campaign launch
Staff carrying out immigration controls and passport checks may walk out from 8 April.
The German Football Association's decision to ditch supplier Adidas for Nike is blasted by politicians.
Markus Jooste dies one day after being ordered to pay a $25m fine for accounting fraud in South Africa.
The building society says the problem has now been resolved and a payment backlog has been cleared.
Malaysia rejects an offer to host the 2026 Commonwealth Games due to costs, the country's sports ministry says.
In a video message Princess Catherine discusses diagnosis and treatment
Jean Mackenzie on filming in a tiny village in Korea's Demilitarised Zone.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Train drivers at 16 rail firms are set to stage walkouts in April, with Tube strikes in April and May.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
Parents in England who want 15 hours of free childcare for two-year-olds face an important deadline.
Mr Hunt says an upper limit on earnings to access free childcare is an issue he "would really like to sort out".
A 25-year-old man remains in custody after the body of Mr McKee, who was 69, was found on Thursday.
Kate releases video message saying she is having preventative chemotherapy after cancer was found in tests.
King Charles, who himself is being treated for cancer, says he is "so proud" of his "beloved" daughter-in-law's courage.
Scotland's winless run stretches to six games as their wastefulness in front of goal is compounded by a late collapse against the Netherlands in Amsterdam.
A youthful Northern Ireland produce a strong performance in a 1-1 friendly draw with Euro 2024-bound Romania in Bucharest, with Jamie Reid scoring on his debut.
England boss Gareth Southgate says having the Three Lions on the team's shirt is "the most important thing" amid the controversy about the St George's Cross design on the new kit.
Aryna Sabalenka starts her Miami Open campaign with an impressive win over close friend Paula Badosa just days after her former partner's death.
St Helens win at Leeds for the second time in a week to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals.
Ten years after a plane carrying 239 people vanished, can new evidence finally locate it?
The Princess of Wales revealed she was undergoing treatment for cancer on Friday evening.
The simple and poignant message from the Princess of Wales is a reminder of how the royals need her.
Putin condemns attack on Crocus City Hall venue, and claims attackers were fleeing to Ukraine.
More than a hundred people were killed in a packed concert venue in Moscow after gunmen opened fire.
Brazil's new teenage sensation Endrick strikes late on to condemn England to defeat in a scrappy friendly at Wembley.
They invest massive amounts of time and money - and expect control of their K-pop idol's private lives.
This was the week the core pieces of the general election snapped into place, writes Laura Kuenssberg.
Nike's England kit reignites rows over national identity familiar to designers of previous shirts.
He spent 72 years using an iron lung machine to breathe after surviving polio as a child.
Richard Taylor dedicated years to improving children's lives in the wake of his son's death in 2000.
Jasmin Paris from Midlothian made history by finishing the gruelling 100-mile Barkley Marathons.
Water lot of fun for these black bears as heavy rain creates a "mini lake" in their enclosure.
Antonio Guterres called on Israel to give "total, unfettered" access to humanitarian aid in Gaza.
More than 100 people were killed when gunmen opened fire inside a packed arena before setting it alight.
People initially thought they heard firecrackers, but they soon realised they were under attack.
The attack on a concert hall in Moscow raises difficult questions for Putin at a time of global mistrust.
The BBC's Steve Rosenberg visits the Moscow concert hall where more than 100 were people were killed.
In a video message, the Princess of Wales said she started preventative chemotherapy last month.
The star of the first series of BBC show on the celebrity walk that helped her deal with her grief.
How an Egyptian's dream of living near Welsh mountains led to a cold water swimming "addiction".
A Nazi hunter with ties to Israeli intelligence was given access to sensitive IRA secrets in 1972.
Could a change in the economic weather keep the prime minister in Downing Street?
Some of the venues on the band's 1994 tour say they now struggle to afford to host new artists.
A new immersive experience brings the spring blossom to life using specially composed music.
The number of people opting out of the workforce due to long term illness is at its highest since the 90s.
To get off cigarettes, presenter Jordan North began using vapes, but then worried how harmful they might be.
People from across the world express sympathy for the Princess of Wales following the revelation.
Renting in the countryside is outpacing London and other cities as house prices rise, a study finds.
The new term has begun, but secondary school remains closed to girls for another academic year.
An aid organisation is sending doctors from the UK as the humanitarian crisis in Gaza escalates.
In a video message Princess Catherine discusses diagnosis and treatment
Jean Mackenzie on filming in a tiny village in Korea's Demilitarised Zone.
Ten years after a plane carrying 239 people vanished, can new evidence finally locate it?
Berkshire residents express their sadness and support after royal's cancer treatment announcement.
Police investigating the murder of Bobbie McKee get a 36-hour extension to question a 25-year-old man.
She was pushed to the ground near Colquhoun Park in Bearsden on Friday afternoon.
When Steven Smith's kidneys began to fail, his best friend Kael stepped in to save his life.
England's 1-0 defeat by Brazil at Wembley was a "brutal and timely" reminder of familiar problems, according to BBC Sport's Phil McNulty.
World champion Sandy Ryan defends her WBO welterweight crown with a formidable stoppage win over fellow Briton Terri Harper in Sheffield.
Scotland survive a late fightback to secure a first Women's Six Nations victory on Welsh soil in 20 years.
Manchester City showed they are capable of winning the Women's Super League title and ending their eight-year wait with a huge victory over Manchester United.
Watch highlights as Jess Park produces an outstanding display to help Manchester City beat rivals Manchester United to keep up their Women's Super League title chase.
Suspects face a Moscow court accused of an act of terrorism at Crocus City Hall, where 137 people were killed.
More than 130 people were killed when gunmen entered a packed Moscow venue and opened fire.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt says he will pay for the "expensive" pledge through economic growth.
They see an opportunity to push for a return of Jewish settlements to the Palestinian territory.
He spent 72 years using an iron lung machine to breathe after surviving polio as a child.
Jasmin Paris made history by becoming the first woman to finish the gruelling 100-mile Barkley Marathons.
The competition for waiters and waitresses began in 1914, but has not been held since 2011 due to lack of sponsors.
The Royal Family will get back to normal after "this sticky patch", says ex-royal spokesman Paddy Harverson.
The 37-year-old is confirmed as Leo Varadkar's successor as the leader of political party Fine Gael.
A 15-year-old girl was stabbed in Sittingbourne on Friday, Kent Police said.
The man was reported missing from the MSC Euribia which left Southampton on 15 March.
A 33-year-old man was arrested at the airport on Sunday afternoon, following the death of another man, 35.
West Coast Main Line drivers to receive £600 a shift, up from £125, after company strikes deal with union.
With many challenges ahead, the future of Palestinian leadership is yet to be decided, writes Lucy Williamson.
He is the Wembley history maker who has been likened to Romario - but who is Brazil's latest wonderkid Endrick?
The favourite to replace Leo Varadkar as taoiseach organised his first political meeting aged 16.
Women who have lost pregnancies before 24 weeks share their feelings about baby loss certificates.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
The simple and poignant message from the Princess of Wales is a reminder of how the royals need her.
Dogs Trust Leeds staff say it was emotional to see lurcher Jake finally rehomed in Keighley.
A large number of missiles targeted Kyiv early on Sunday as Russia stepped up attacks against Ukraine.
Three siblings who were reported missing on Friday have now been found, police said.
Police say they sustained serious injuries and were taken to hospital, but later died.
The star of the first series of BBC show on the celebrity walk that helped her deal with her grief.
They invest massive amounts of time and money - and expect control of their K-pop idol's private lives.
Iconic buildings around the world go dark as part of the annual Earth Hour environmental campaign.
The chancellor tells Laura pensions would rise by at least 2.5% under Tories.
Jean Mackenzie on filming in a tiny village in Korea's Demilitarised Zone.
A celebration of the best BBC performances from soul legend Diana Ross.
Robin Windsor's funeral will be held in his home town of Ipswich on Tuesday.
The 37-year-old is confirmed as Leo Varadkar's successor as the leader of political party Fine Gael.
The MSP behind a new attempt to legalise assisted dying for terminally-ill people says he is "convinced" it will be passed.
Junior doctors are set to begin their longest walk-out to date in an ongoing dispute over pay.
England defenders Kyle Walker and Harry Maguire are ruled out of Tuesday's friendly with Belgium.
Andy Murray is knocked out of the Miami Open as he suffers a dramatic 5-7 7-5 7-6 (7-5) defeat by Tomas Machac in the last 32.
England will "come back stronger" after winning their opening Women's Six Nations game against Italy, says captain Marlie Packer.
Arsenal fuel their chase of the Women's Super League title as they come from behind to beat Aston Villa at Villa Park.
Olympic and Paralympic athletes aim to give back to their local communities once the Paris Games end as part of the new ChangeMakers scheme.
The measure passes after the US refrains from using its veto, in a shift from its previous position.
The BBC's international editor on the US decision not to veto a call for a ceasefire in Gaza.
Two people and a China-affiliated company will have assets frozen and be subject to a travel ban.
Family and friends of Michaela Hall say that authorities missed chances to prevent her murder.
The GMB presenter says she had to pay £16,000 a month on care costs for her late husband Derek Draper.
The reason for the raids is unclear, but the hip-hop mogul has recently faced sexual misconduct allegations.
Andy Murray says he will be out for "an extended period" following the ankle injury he sustained at the Miami Open.
Seven Chinese men have been charged over a "sinister" hacking plot, the justice department says.
Farmers from across the UK drive tractors to Westminster to protest a lack of support for food producers.
The 23-year-old was murdered on the dance floor in front of crowds of people on 26 December 2022.
The Duchess of York, who was diagnosed with skin cancer this year, spoke of her admiration for Kate.
The levelling up secretary failed to declare the VIP tickets within Commons rules, a watchdog finds.
The suspects, showing signs of being beaten, are charged with terrorism over Friday's concert hall massacre.
Tuesday's papers react to the threat the government says China is posing to national security.
Israel says the crossing is open, but agencies say the army is holding them back.
BBC Verify examines how the campaign to blame Kyiv unfolded.
The Conservatives pledged to cut immigration, but there’s been a rise - BBC Panorama explores why.
The Oscar-winning British actress says Hollywood would pay more if she was a man called Oliver.
Physicists believe a new experiment could prove their existence and answer fundamental questions about our Universe.
The BBC witnesses the moment a Royal Navy warship responds when a missile is fired in the Red Sea.
An 8ft gorilla statue which was stolen from a Lanarkshire garden centre last year has been reunited with its owner.
A review following the Nottingham attacks suggests the government should reconsider homicide laws.
Donald Trump's first criminal trial to begin next month as the race for the White House gets underway.
The attack on the Sir Galahad and its sister ship in 1982 killed 48 men, including 32 Welsh guards.
Constance Marten was giving her final day of evidence in her trial at the Old Bailey.
The Australian actress criticises the British comedian in a chapter about him in her forthcoming memoir.
Pedestrians Destiny Harrison, 24, and daughter Linnea, five, died after the crash in Plymouth.
The government issues sanctions over cyber-attacks
An extraordinary portrait of lives compromised by war.
Cody Fisher, 23, was stabbed to death on the dance floor in front of thousands of people.
Two men and two women die after their car crashes near Armagh in the early hours of Sunday.
The Royal High School in Edinburgh is installing "screaming" vape detectors in toilets to tackle the problem.
Nicola Tarran says no-one investigating the Lucy Letby case said her daughter's case was looked at.
Rob Page's Wales are set for a huge match on Tuesday night when they take on Poland in their Euro 2024 play-off final at Cardiff City Stadium.
Declan Rice says it will be a "pinch me" moment as he captains England on his 50th appearance in Tuesday night's friendly against Belgium at Wembley.
Andy Murray says he will be out for "an extended period" following the ankle injury he sustained at the Miami Open.
When the lights go out, a Formula 1 driver is alone - apart from one connection. Their race engineer is their guide, strategist and psychologist.
England and Harlequins scrum-half Danny Care announces his retirement from international rugby.
British number one Katie Boulter is out of the Miami Open after a fourth-round defeat by Victoria Azarenka of Belarus.
Watch the top moments from the Women's Six Nations first week in 2024, as England thrash Italy, Scotland record a famous win in Wales and Marlie Packer gets her 100th cap.
Six people are presumed dead after the landmark Francis Scott Key Bridge gave way.
Minutes after a container ship sent a mayday call, it crashed and caused a bridge to collapse. Six people are presumed dead.
Rob Page's Wales miss out on Euro 2024 after a crushing penalty shootout defeat against Poland in their play-off final at Cardiff City Stadium.
Abdul Shokoor Ezedi's won asylum in 2020 but new documents detail a sexual assault conviction in 2018.
The bank apologises as some customers experience issues with payments into and out of accounts.
Ukraine accuses the Kremlin of lies, after it alleges Kyiv and the West were involved in the atrocity.
Bridget Phillipson tells the BBC the £4bn plan is a "mess" and calls for wider reform of provision.
Israel says the ceasefire demand led Hamas to reject a deal, but the US calls the claim inaccurate.
Court postpones decision on the Wikileaks founder's case to give the US time to make assurances.
Researchers say a co-ordinated campaign deliberately heightened rumours about the Princess of Wales.
A paparazzo accused Scott Swift of attacking him in the hours after the megastar's final show in Sydney.
The head teacher says a "surge" developed when the gate was not opened at the end of the school day.
The gardening presenter fell foul of the secretive state's strict rules because of his choice of attire.
BBC Verify analyses the collision between the container ship and the Key Bridge in Baltimore
How events unfolded when a cargo ship crashed into and destroyed the Francis Scott Key Bridge.
Footage shows the collapsed Francis Scott Key Bridge, after a container ship collided with it.
Dramatic photos show the extent of the US bridge collapse following a collision with a container ship.
Six people are presumed dead after the landmark Francis Scott Key Bridge gave way.
The BBC's international editor on the US decision not to veto a call for a ceasefire in Gaza.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange will find out on 20 May whether he is to be extradited to the US
The museum launches proceedings against a former member of staff who they believe stole items.
A federal abortion ban won’t pass Congress. But activists hope a 19th Century law could be enforced to halt the procedure.
Almost four million smart meters in Great Britain were not working at the end of 2023.
Researchers are identifying genes in the hop plant to produce varieties that will be more resilient to climate change.
The winner of the Concrete in Life Photo of the Year competition has been announced.
Education minister Robert Halfon and armed forces minister James Heappey are also standing down as MPs.
Centrica chief executive Chris O'Shea gets £4m more in 2023, up from £4.5m the year before.
The King and Queen will be at the Easter service, says Buckingham Palace. But Kate will not attend.
The clip showed a stampede in a New York subway station and was replaced with the scenes cut.
Tim Davie says it is right to ask questions about the fee but it should be explored "with caution."
The former independent borders watchdog has criticised the Home Office's approach foreign care staff and airport security.
The award recognises writing that has enriched the cultural fabric of the UK.
A container ship hit the Francis Key Scott bridge on Tuesday morning.
An extraordinary portrait of lives compromised by war.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
The state pension will rise by 8.5% in April following a pledge to protect the value of the benefit.
UK renters have seen increases of 10% and two million are behind or struggling to pay.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 will be able to claim the benefit.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
The head teacher says a "surge" developed when the gate was not opened at the end of the school day.
Kim Avis faked his own death and went on the run but was eventually tracked down and convicted of rape.
A woman who was abused from the age of five calls for more specialist support.
Rob Page's Wales miss out on Euro 2024 after a crushing penalty shootout defeat against Poland in their play-off final at Cardiff City Stadium.
Jude Bellingham's last-gasp equaliser spares England a second successive Wembley defeat after defensive errors threatened to prove costly in the friendly against Belgium.
Conor Bradley's first Northern Ireland goal drains more life out of Scotland's Euro 2024 preparations by extending their winless run to seven games.
The Euros provide a golden chance for an England's masters of the missed opportunity to win their first major trophy since 1966
Ukraine will compete in the finals of a major tournament for the first time since being invaded by Russia after winning a Euro 2024 play-off against Iceland.
The bodies of two people were recovered from a vehicle in the waters where the Baltimore bridge collapsed.
The curvature of Eva Tennent's spine is now so severe that mum Jill Lockhart fears she will not survive.
King Charles is sending an audio message about caring for others to this year's Maundy Thursday service.
MSPs will get the chance to make Scotland the first part of the UK to let people legally end their lives.
Social media footage shows a man being attacked in front of horrified passengers in south-east London.
UK passports can have up to 10 years and nine months on them but EU countries won't accept them.
Fellow television personalities are paying tribute to George Gilbey.
John Brownlee was described as a 'sadist' by victims of his abuse at Edinburgh Academy.
Spain's ex-football boss could go to prison because of a non-consensual kiss at the Women's World Cup.
In his book Thinking, Fast and Slow, the Nobel laureate argues humans act mostly on instinct, not logic.
The Health and Safety Executive says it is looking into how the crush developed at the school gates.
A Tory MP asked police to investigate whether Labour's deputy leader gave false information on documents.
There is indignation in France after the principal at a Paris school quit because of fears for his life.
"Dirty" fuel and a bridge designed for ships from another era may have factored into the collapse.
Six people are presumed dead after the bridge collapsed, but what do we know about them?
The Francis Scott Key Bridge, which collapsed on Tuesday, spanned the ninth-busiest port in the US.
A recording of emergency communications reveals the tense moments before the Baltimore bridge collapsed.
Minutes after a container ship sent a mayday call, it crashed and caused a bridge to collapse. Six people are presumed dead.
Thursday's papers cover the fallout over record discharges of sewage and the King's Easter message.
Every kind of gun is flooding into Port-au-Prince. Haitians are blaming the US.
Sewage spills by water companies in England more than doubled in 2023.
We shouldn't be surprised that some MPs are thinking of leaving as a general election approaches.
Kim Avis faked his own death and went on the run but was eventually tracked down and convicted of rape.
Enter your postcode to see if there is an election in your area on 2 May
Ed Gamble was advised to change his advert in line with Transport for London's advertising policy.
Crews have also been warned to cover blisters and wear footwear due to high levels of E. coli.
The number of migrants arriving in the UK in 2024 after crossing the Channel has hit a record high.
Family members and activists blocked a main road in Tel Aviv, demanding more be done to free them.
The coach veered to the right on the busy A9 autobahn before falling on to its side.
Lords debate the plight of homeowners locked into private maintenance contracts for communal areas.
BBC dramas Time, Happy Valley and The Sixth Commandment also win Royal Television Society Awards.
Almost four million smart meters in Great Britain were not working at the end of 2023.
Parents in England who want 15 hours of free childcare for two-year-olds face an important deadline.
A review over the killing of 10-month-old Finley Boden finds "significant shortcomings".
The BBC has seen an interim report that found 'understrength concrete' was used in construction.
The curvature of Eva Tennent's spine is now so severe that mum Jill Lockhart fears she will not survive.
Other so-called never events include a patient almost having the wrong toe amputated during surgery.
Manchester City defender and former England captain Steph Houghton will retire at the end of the current Women's Super League season.
The Enhanced Games has been derided as "a clown show" and "borderline criminal". But their founder and his backers believe in a future few have foreseen.
Spain's ex-football boss could go to prison because of a non-consensual kiss at the Women's World Cup.
Sunrisers Hyderabad smash 277-3 - the highest total in Indian Premier League history - in a 31-run victory against Mumbai Indians.
Do you agree with our pundits on who starts for England at Euro 2024? Have your say here.
A draft report seen by the BBC confirms the Post Office knew of IT vulnerabilities before Bates v Post Office case.
The crypto exchange co-founder was convicted last year of stealing $8bn from investors.
An eight-year-old girl is the only survivor after a bus carrying Easter pilgrims plunges into a ravine.
Police are questioning a man after George Gilbey fell from a height while at work.
The Texan star's eighth album adds a country twang to her immaculate blend of pop and hip-hop.
Teenager Luke Littler wins his first Premier League Darts night with a 6-4 win over Nathan Aspinall in Belfast.
Wet and windy conditions hit parts of the UK ahead of Easter, coinciding with the end of term for many schools.
Leicester City sack manager Willie Kirk, who had been suspended by the Women's Super League club.
Additional traffic camera footage captured the moments just before the collapse of the Baltimore bridge.
Khan Gorgulu sent the image to his partner in crime, but it was later used by police to prove his guilt.
The government moves to reassure dachshund fans after a petition was launched against a draft law.
Hare and bird corpses were scattered in front of Broughton Community Shop earlier this month.
Aurman Singh suffered repeated axe attacks to the head after the group tracked him on his rounds.
Thames Water's financial woes, a surprises set of honours and hunger in Gaza are on Friday's front pages.
Volker Türk tells Jeremy Bowen there is a "plausible" case that Israel is using starvation as a weapon of war.
The ship's sudden power loss and the strength of the bridge are likely to be key factors in hunt for answers.
MSPs will get the chance to make Scotland the first part of the UK to let people legally end their lives.
The Veepstakes have begun!
UK travellers have been turned away at airports because their passports are not valid for EU travel.
Like TV presenter Kate Garraway, other families are struggling with the cost of care.
Keir Starmer says his party would do a better job of reducing regional inequality across Britain.
The Foreign Office warns football fans that "stronger" German beer could get them barred from stadiums.
Liverpool expect Xabi Alonso to stay at Bayer Leverkusen this summer and are set to look at other candidates to replace manager Jurgen Klopp.
The regulator, whose approval is needed for any price rises, has pushed back on substantial bill increases.
"Shocked" parents in Aberdeenshire were offered different versions of primary school class photos.
The pair have worked on a string of films and are being honoured for services to their industry.
Lioness striker Bethany England speaks to the BBC to mark 10 years since gay marriage was legalised.
Teenager Luke Littler wins his first Premier League Darts night with a 6-4 win over Nathan Aspinall in Belfast.
Liverpool expect Xabi Alonso to stay at Bayer Leverkusen this summer and are set to look at other candidates to replace manager Jurgen Klopp.
Leicester City sack manager Willie Kirk, who had been suspended by the Women's Super League club.
The Football Association charges Newcastle United midfielder Sandro Tonali with misconduct for alleged breaches of the governing body's betting rules.
Tatyana Heard and Megan Jones will form a new centre partnership for England in their Women's Six Nations game against Wales at Ashton Gate on Saturday.
Fourth seed Elena Rybakina moves into the Miami Open final for the second straight year with a dramatic win over Victoria Azarenka.
BBC Sport travels to Germany to discover why former Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso has become so highly rated as a coach - will he replace Jurgen Klopp as manager at Anfield, join Bayern Munich, or stay at Bayer Leverkusen?
What the Crypto King's fall from grace means for the future of cryptocurrency
An investigation into the container ship crash that brought down a Baltimore bridge.
Millions are heading abroad over the bank holiday weekend, but what if their journeys are disrupted?
Khan Gorgulu sent the image to his partner in crime, but it was later used by police to prove his guilt.
Eight cars and a lorry were damaged at a property in Carryduff and six cars were damaged in Finaghy.
MSPs will get the chance to make Scotland the first part of the UK to let people legally end their lives.
One business owner claims more support is needed for businesses looking to become greener.
Sir Jeffrey Donaldson MP is charged with historical sexual offences and has been suspended from the DUP.
Donald Tusk warns of a "pre-war era" as Russian attacks leave swathes of Ukraine without power.
The search for the bodies of four workers is on hold because of the dangers of diving among the debris.
More than 450 artists and groups urged the singer to pull out of the contest over the inclusion of Israel.
London-based Iran International says Pouria Zeraati was attacked by a group in the south of the city.
Video shows chairlifts in Italy violently swinging, hit by winds of over 100km/h (62mph).
Former Wales rugby star Louis Rees-Zammit joins back-to-back Super Bowl champions the Kansas City Chiefs.
Mr Trump's legal team want a district attorney removed in one case and a gag order limited in another.
Sally Phillips, whose son Olly has Down's syndrome, says she was told he needed a GP's letter.
French and Brazilian presidents share moments of friendship with world during tour of Amazon.
He was the first black man to win a supporting actor Oscar for his role in An Officer and a Gentleman.
The Hague court says Gaza is "no longer facing only a risk of famine" but that "famine is setting in".
The beards and moustaches must be neat and well-groomed, and troops must maintain a professional appearance.
Sir Jeffrey Donaldson's resignation, having been charged with historical sex offences, is on Saturday's front pages.
BBC News NI's political editor looks at the political repercussions after Sir Jeffrey steps down as party leader.
The Scottish actor said the ageing process in A Gentleman in Moscow saw his relative emerge.
Travellers share their experiences of getting caught out by the EU's 10-year-passport rule.
The BBC’s Shaimaa Khalil spoke with Hiroshima residents who saw the film for the first time today.
Tourism bosses in Somerset complain builders living in seaside chalets are not spending money locally.
The Star Wars actor speaks publicly for the first time about the impact of his school friend's killing in 2000.
Tempest Photography said it was "not standard practice" to offer pictures without some pupils being included.
New video shows investigators on board the vessel as they inspect damage and download ship data.
The Texan star's eighth album adds a country twang to her immaculate blend of pop and hip-hop.
Former sub-postmaster and politicians say evidence uncovered by the BBC should prompt police investigation.
Volcanic eruptions have been taking place in the region since 14 January.
Millions of people travelling for the Easter break have been hit by heavy traffic and poor weather.
Former Wales rugby star Louis Rees-Zammit joins back-to-back Super Bowl champions the Kansas City Chiefs.
Xabi Alonso "felt the time was right" to end speculation over his future by announcing he will stay at Bayer Leverkusen, writes Guillem Balague.
Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side "should be in fourth position" according to "all the data".
James Ramm scores twice as Northampton see off Saracens at Franklin’s Gardens to extend their Premiership lead.
Conor Chaplin's early goal sends Ipswich top of the Championship as they squeeze past Blackburn at Ewood Park.
England host Wales at Ashton Gate in what is anticipated to be the largest home crowd for a fixture not played at Twickenham for the Red Roses.
Bayer Leverkusen boss Xabi Alonso says it is "the right place" for him as he confirms he will remain at the club next season despite interest from Liverpool and Bayern Munich.
The National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage rates are going up on 1 April.
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
A cordon is put in place by police as suspected bones are found on Seaburn beach.
Sir Jeffrey Donaldson MP is charged with historical sexual offences and has been suspended from the DUP.
Tempest Photography said it was "not standard practice" to offer pictures without some pupils being included.
People with secondary breast cancer view photos of themselves at events they may not live to see.
The NI first minister was speaking after former DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson was charged with rape
The King will attend an Easter service with other royals at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle.
High levels of E. coli were found in a stretch of the River Thames used in the Boat Race.
Wesley Male, Bronte Jones, Marie-Louise Nicholson and Finlay Anderson all fought to lift the trophy.
Not everyone can picture images in their mind's eye and remember sounds or faces - but why?
Police bodycam showed the suspected shoplifter trying to run across three lanes of traffic.
Current and former customers of the US telecoms firm are impacted by the breach, the company says.
London-based Iran International says Pouria Zeraati was attacked by a group in the south of the city.
It comes as tensions along the unofficial border between Israel and Lebanon intensified in recent days.
The BBC boards a US aid flight as air drops increasingly become the last resort for foreign governments.
The Biden campaign condemns the video, accusing Donald Trump of "regularly inciting political violence".
The motive of the man who held four people hostage inside a nightclub in the eastern town of Ede remains unclear.
The pop star said she was tired of being ridiculed for her looks and character in an Instagram post.
How the Jeffrey Donaldson story unfolded, a world away from St Patrick's Day festivities.
Many households will see their budgets stretched further - but there is some good news.
The tapes have lain hidden in Ostend for 40 years. But a legal fight is brewing over who owns them.
The Fan Grrrls research project and podcast challenges the sexism female fans experience.
People with secondary breast cancer view photos of themselves at events they may not live to see.
Travellers share their experiences of getting caught out by the EU's 10-year-passport rule.
Goalposts used by children on a beach in Somalia's capital are posts set up for firing squad executions.
Marlon Thomas was 18 when he was attacked in 1994 and was left permanently brain damaged.
England score eight tries to hammer Wales at Ashton Gate in front of a record crowd of 19,705 for a Red Roses game outside of Twickenham.
Onlookers described hearing an "explosion" on Buckingham Gate after the electric rickshaw caught fire.
The big sale includes cocktail dresses worn by the actress and the magazine owner's famed silk smoking jackets.
The killing of Camila Gómez triggered protests and a lynch mob in the southern city of Taxco.
Recording the nationality of criminals would help inform policy on visas for their compatriots, they say.
Authorities searched for a collection of Rolex watches Dina Boluarte allegedly had not declared.
Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta says Sunday's opponents and title rivals Manchester City have "raised the bar to levels not seen before".
England score eight tries to hammer Wales at Ashton Gate in front of a record crowd of 19,705 for a Red Roses game outside of Twickenham.
Kristoffer Ajer scores in the ninth minute of injury time as Brentford snatch a draw against Manchester United in a thrilling finish.
Manchester City and England goalkeeper Ellie Roebuck says she is on the "road to recovery" after having a stroke.
Paraglider suffers minor injuries after landing on the roof of a salt grit store, says fire service.
The NI first minister was speaking after former DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson was charged with rape
The NASUWT says the Scottish government is four years late in providing "concrete guidance" for teachers.
Marius Ambara Kamna says the scheme helped him when he fled Sierra Leone with almost nothing.
Demonstrations in Jerusalem bring deep political splits back to the surface, writes the BBC's Jeremy Bowen.
Haiti has endured crisis after crisis. Now the UN says the Caribbean nation is close to collapse.
President Erdogan fails to regain Turkey's big cities that he lost five years ago.
Above inflation wage-hikes are set to benefit 2.7 million low-paid workers and apprentices.
Russia has launched a wave of additional strikes across the country targeting the energy supply.
The King, who is being treated for cancer, smiled and shook people's hands after the Windsor service.
The BBC's Natural History Unit got a rare glimpse of the behaviour as climate change forces animals to adapt.
Four members of the Islamic Jihad militant group were killed in the air strike, the BBC understands.
Lucy Spraggan popped the question to girlfriend Emilia Smith while on a flight to stay with Cowell.
Experts urge people to stick to energy saving habits despite the typical bill falling by £238 a year.
The 87-year-old pontiff presided over Easter mass despite concerns over his health.
It follows the resignation of Sir Jeffrey Donaldson as DUP leader after he was charged with historical sex offences.
Fans who pre-ordered physical copies of the star's latest album say they have been short-changed.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
The government has announced a further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers.
The National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage rates are going up on 1 April.
The new energy price cap will see the cost of electricity and gas fall from 1 April.
The state pension will rise by 8.5% in April following a pledge to protect the value of the benefit.
The monarch's Windsor walkabout and new figures on NHS waiting times are the focus for Monday's front pages.
How Russia is weaponising the murky world of 'hostage diplomacy' and Germany is caught in the middle.
Brazilian workers face degrading conditions to harvest palm wax used in sweets, pills and lipstick.
Pope Francis leads festivities at the Vatican, a day after pulling out of a ceremony at short notice.
Emily Katy, who is a mental health nurse, wants other autistic girls to know they are not alone.
Not everyone can picture images in their mind's eye and remember sounds or faces - but why?
Valerie Lolomari is determined to help other victims of FGM after spending years living in shame.
Arsenal boss Jonas Eidevall says his team wanted to make Frida Maanum "a champion" after the midfielder collapsed in the Continental Cup final.
Pillowcases and plates are among items that have reportedly vanished from the US president's plane.
Justin Welby opens his address with a message for the King and Princess of Wales.
The arrival of 349 people at Dover on Saturday brings the total for 2024 so far to 4,993.
Danica Priest was canvassing in Bristol when the animal took off her fingertip as she posted a leaflet.
The UK-US star was known for playing Ambrose Spellman in Netflix's Chilling Adventures of Sabrina.
Alfred Tollon who has held the post for 24 years offered to work for free for the council.
Almost a year since their collapse, Arsenal prove at Manchester City they are not going away in the Premier League title race.
Arsenal boss Jonas Eidevall says it was "irresponsible" of Chelsea's Emma Hayes to refer to him showing "male aggression".
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp is full of admiration for Brighton counterpart Roberto de Zerbi, who has been linked to succeeding the German at Anfield.
Hibs' Nectarios Triantis manages to take out two team-mates with a free-kick against Rangers at Ibrox. (UK only)
What the Crypto King's fall from grace means for the future of cryptocurrency
An investigation into the container ship crash that brought down a Baltimore bridge.
Pictures sent to the BBC show cars parked on both sides of the B3224 near where the rave is being held.
It follows the resignation of Sir Jeffrey Donaldson as DUP leader after he was charged with historical sex offences.
Ch Supt Rob Hay says people could feel "aggrieved" if details are recorded when there has been no crime.
One woman says her friend has pulled out three of her teeth because she cannot afford dental care.
Photos after the strike in Syria show smoke and dust rising from a flattened building in western Damascus.
Revolutionary Guards commander Mohammad Reza Zahedi was among seven officers killed, the force says.
The rollout of new devices for thousands in England with type 1 diabetes is hailed as a landmark moment.
Cavers pull piles of rubbish out of a mine, which were left by influencers seeking a perfect photo.
Dozens of bodies are found and al-Shifa is "completely out of service", Hamas-run authorities say.
Emile Soleil disappeared in a tiny Alpine village nine months ago. How he died remains unclear.
Media said the number 44 on the shirts resembled the symbol used by WW2-era Nazi SS units.
Live-streamed footage captured the moment a detainee stole a gun from a guard and opened fire in Chile.
The Harry Potter author described several transgender women as men in a series of social media posts.
There has only been one other human case of avian flu in the US, and the risk to the public is low.
Less than a week after its public debut, shares of Trump Media tumbled after reports of huge losses.
Jeremy Sarmiento's goal in the final seconds gives Ipswich Town victory over 10-man Southampton and puts them top of the Championship.
They have claimed the national Labour Party wants to control who stands where and when.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
The National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage rates rose at the beginning of April.
A new energy price cap means the cost of electricity and gas will fall from 1 April.
The Iranian general killed in a suspected Israeli strike and new UK migrant figures lead Tuesday's papers.
Women from the Bangladeshi community say a TikTok troll is ruining their lives, the BBC finds.
Ahead of her farewell tour the Shout singer talks Bond, Bowie and Boom Bang-a-Bang.
Glass bottle makers are having to invest in new tech to cut their hefty CO2 footprint.
Demonstrations in Jerusalem bring deep political splits back to the surface, writes the BBC's Jeremy Bowen.
A one-person campaign becomes the talk of social media, makes national news and inspires a pastry.
Campaigners hail the law shift, which comes into force on 1 April - though police are less thrilled.
Haiti has endured crisis after crisis. Now the UN says the Caribbean nation is close to collapse.
Ryan Shorter's childhood dream was to own a zoo but says he underestimated how crazy it would be.
Born four months early, Doncaster boxer Jason Cunningham's son is already no stranger to struggle.
The brazen fraud that left a young family feeling unsafe in their own house.
Experts urge people to stick to energy saving habits despite the typical bill falling by £238 a year.
Counter-terrorism officers are investigating the stabbing of news presenter Pouria Zeraati in London.
Crews from Penlee Lifeboat station managed to cut the mammal, known as Ivy, free.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he would "act immediately" to close the Qatari network's local office.
Media reports further fuel the view that US diplomats may have been targeted with sonic weapons.
Wild dogs were a nightly source of terror for people living in ancient Wales.
The search giant will block third party tracking by default for people searching the web in private mode.
The alternative channel is being set up for use by "essential" commercial vessels.
Rescue crews in California transported the animal to safety on Sunday after it was stranded in a river overnight.
Late goals from Crysencio Summerville and Dan James ensure Leeds stay in the Championship's automatic promotion places after a 3-1 win over Hull City.
World champion Luke Humphries thrashes Michael van Gerwen 8-1 in the final to win the German Darts Grand Prix.
Media said the number 44 on the shirts resembled the symbol used by WW2-era Nazi SS units.
BBC Sport football expert Chris Sutton takes on UB40 drummer & Birmingham City fan Jimmy Brown to predict the outcome of the midweek Premier League games.
Plymouth Argyle sack head coach Ian Foster after just three months in charge at Home Park.
Amy Jones hits a superb unbeaten 92 to lead England to a four-wicket win over New Zealand in the first ODI in Wellington.
LeBron James becomes only the second player, after Michael Jordan, to score 40 points in more than one NBA game after the age of 39 following the Los Angeles Lakers' 116-104 win over the Brooklyn Nets.
Newscast assembles to preview the upcoming local elections
Russians are shocked after gunmen attacked a concert hall, but who was behind it and why?
Women from the Bangladeshi community say a TikTok troll is ruining their lives, the BBC finds.
A van was set alight after masked men in paramilitary-style uniform led a march through Creggan estate.
The Harry Potter author described several transgender women as men in a series of social media posts.
Cavers pull piles of rubbish out of a mine, which were left by influencers seeking a perfect photo.
John Chapman, James Henderson and James Kirby were among seven aid workers killed in the Israeli strike.
BBC Verify sets out what we know about the strike.
Social media comments by JK Rowling challenging Scotland's new hate crime law are not being treated as criminal.
News presenter Pouria Zeraati was stabbed outside his home in Wimbledon on Friday.
The Grammy winner says: "When I say I quit, I mean I quit giving any negative energy attention."
At least 29 people were killed in the fire, which broke out during renovation work.
Senior politicians are calling for Tom Hayes and Carlo Palombo to have their cases heard at the UK's final court of appeal.
The Chrysanthemum throne is the last big royal family to go online- and it's a tightly controlled debut.
The social media post irresponsibly promoted a diet that fell below 800 calories a day, a watchdog says.
Video shows a strange shower of lights streaking overhead in the night sky in the early hours of 2 April.
The country is running out of time to build enough of a fund to care for its growing number of elderly.
Police find a T-shirt, shoes and shorts, three days after some of Emile Soleil's bones were recovered.
Germany wants tougher limits on hunting the animals, but Botswana says it has too many of them.
The Israeli air strike that killed several foreign aid workers in Gaza leads many UK front pages.
Seven aid workers, including foreign nationals, have been killed in an Israeli strike in central Gaza.
Orpheopolis cares for the children of officers who have died in the line of duty or by suicide.
Caroline Sutherland never imagined she would have to lay her father to rest twice.
It could be weeks, if not months, before the crew, mostly Indian nationals, will be able to return home.
The 1Xtra Comedy Gala celebrated black comedians at London's Hackney Empire on Monday.
Kays Scotland have been producing curling stones using Ailsa Craig granite for almost two centuries.
It has felt like it's been raining for weeks now and many of us are looking for a prolonged dry spell.
Toy poodle Poppy cuddled next to Yolanda Callaghan's body after she lay undiscovered for a week.
The superstar said a prank story that he had been arrested in Kenya was "extremely irresponsible".
The advert states "unlike the big banks we're not closing our branches" which a watchdog found misleading.
Richard Shaw used Legacy Independent Funeral Directors for his wife Rita's cremation.
Legislation could criminalise rough sleepers if they cause a nuisance, including "excessive" smells.
Critics say it was inspired by unsubstantiated conspiracy theories that planes are spraying poison.
Ministers announce a new consultation on the use of cages to house hens involved in egg production.
Ange Postecoglou says Tottenham are a work in progress as they miss the chance to move into the Premier League top four by drawing at West Ham.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola defends striker Erling Haaland following Roy Keane's criticism after Sunday's 0-0 draw with Arsenal.
Adam Peaty lays down a marker as he qualifies for the Paris Olympics by winning the British 100m breaststroke title at the Aquatics GB Swimming Championships.
Lost earnings? Lost fitness? Lost opportunities? Lost time? The issues that Women's Super League players weigh up when adding to their families.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin converts a late penalty as Everton gain a vital point in their battle to avoid relegation with a draw at Newcastle.
Nottingham Forest give their hopes of Premier League survival a crucial boost with a convincing victory over Fulham at the City Ground.
And Three British aid workers killed in Gaza
Russians are shocked after gunmen attacked a concert hall, but who was behind it and why?
Some of Ella Fitzgerald's finest performances on BBC programmes from over the years.
The National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage rates rose at the beginning of April.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
The government has announced a further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers.
A new energy price cap means the cost of electricity and gas will fall from 1 April.
Richard Shaw used Legacy Independent Funeral Directors for his wife Rita's cremation.
A van was set alight and petrol bombs were thrown towards journalists after a dissident republican march.
Social media comments by JK Rowling challenging Scotland's new hate crime law are not being treated as criminal.
Weatherman Derek Brockway said Wales had had a wet March and April could bring more rain yet.
World Central Kitchen founder José Andrés says Israel's deadly strike in Gaza on Monday was not a mistake.
Will the killing of foreign aid workers exhaust the patience of Israel's allies?
The earthquake has caused building collapses, landslides and caused power outages across the island.
Video shows buildings being rocked by a 7.4 magnitude earthquake on the island.
Major airports will not have new scanners at all security lanes by the summer, the BBC understands.
Emma Johnstone says fraudsters attempted to steal money from mourners via a bogus live stream.
Fees of up £145 will be levied on imports of fish, salami, sausage, cheese and yoghurt, the government says.
A friend of Pouria Zeraati tells the BBC the journalist appeared to have been targeted for attack.
Users on Meta platforms suffer access problems as thousands report outages on Wednesday evening.
A radical rethink of how neurodiversity is treated is needed for the NHS to keep up, a think tank warns.
The foreign hackers had stolen data from Russian military firms and hacked cameras to spy on troops.
The prime minister is facing growing calls to halt sales after an Israeli strike killed aid workers.
The investor boardroom battle raises difficult questions about whether the Hollywood giant lost its way.
The aftermath of the Israeli air strike that killed seven aid workers in Gaza, including three Britons, continues to dominate front pages.
Two court rulings pave the way for perhaps the highest stakes abortion fight since Roe v Wade fell.
IPL captain Hardik Pandya is being booed by by fans in packed stadiums across the country. What is going on?
Illegal fishing remains a huge global problem, but AI is now being used to tackle the issue.
Research suggests the popular destination's history - and original name - could be forgotten.
Caroline Sutherland never imagined she would have to lay her father to rest twice.
Nadia Ali says she was nervous to present her first show wearing a hijab, but now feels "complete".
Social events are helping young women in London find their perfect flatmate.
The US government has asked Nasa to develop a way to keep track of time on the Moon.
The fish were due to be released into another waterway, but now the salmon population of a creek has been boosted instead.
The search giant is reported to be considering charging for premium features in a major business shake-up.
The actress's autobiography was due out in Australia on Wednesday and the UK on Thursday.
It is almost a year since Operation Branchform officers arrested ex-SNP chief executive Peter Murrell.
A woman, 68, has been diagnosed as having Noah syndrome, a condition associated with animal hoarding.
Royal Mail has set out proposals aimed at cutting costs due to the volume of letters declining.
Phil Foden's "masterclass" against Aston Villa again underlines his "precious value" to Manchester City, writes Phil McNulty.
Arsenal overcome the absence of Bukayo Saka to move back to the top of the Premier League table with victory over struggling Luton at Emirates Stadium.
Phil Foden strikes a stunning hat-trick as Manchester City continue to apply pressure to their Premier League title rivals.
Oliver Morgan caps a remarkable rise by breaking the British 100m backstroke record to qualify for the Paris Olympics.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag warns top players' performances are dropping off because they are "overloaded".
Rory McIlroy reveals he had a lesson with Tiger Woods' former coach Butch Harmon in his search for form prior to next week's Masters.
Poland’s Foreign Affairs Minister calls in from NATO HQ
A new energy price cap means the cost of electricity and gas went down from 1 April.
Gary Dean and his siblings used Legacy Independent Funeral Directors for their mother's cremation.
Changes in how to pay for some parking and who enforces fines have come into effect in parts of NI.
Emma Johnstone says fraudsters attempted to steal money from mourners via a bogus live stream.
Diana Bowen confined herself to one room with an electric blanket, after she was shocked by bills.
The move comes hours after a call between US President Biden and Israel's PM Benjamin Netanyahu.
Parents of US-Canadian Jacob Flickinger say he was a loyal and devoted father who was 'chased down' by Israeli forces.
MP William Wragg tells The Times: "I'm so sorry my weakness has caused other people hurt".
Oleksandr Zinchenko says he has donated about £1m to help people in Ukraine since Russia's invasion.
Cole Palmer scores twice after the 100-minute mark to complete his hat-trick and earn Chelsea a remarkable win against Manchester United.
The deal follows a boycott of the business after franchisee Alonyal gave free food to Israeli soldiers.
Tax and benefit changes take effect on Saturday - but the wider outlook for our finances is more complex.
Teachers fear sexism is on the rise in schools because of harmful content on children's phones.
Cells lining the airways are squeezed to destruction, setting up a cycle of harm, lab studies suggest.
The flat, known as Ron's Place, was secretly transformed by its tenant with weird and wonderful features.
Powerful storms hit parts of West Virginia, Pennsylvania and New Jersey, leaving a trail of damage and destruction.
"Devastating news" for families as probe into Legacy Independent Funeral Directors continues.
The 87-year-old - whose family trust owns Tottenham Hotspur - gave secret stock tips to his girlfriend and employees.
A phone call between Joe Biden and Benjamin Netanyahu leads many UK front pages.
Four people caught in the 7.4 magnitude quake recall the moment it struck and how they survived.
Andy Brennan pledged that everyone behind Sharon Beshenvisky's death would be brought to justice.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
Millions of North Americans will be treated to the view of a lifetime on Monday when the Moon blocks the Sun.
Aid workers say they cannot operate safely after Israel's strike on World Central Kitchen's convoy.
Spring is in the air - and trees and bushes across the world are putting on a spectacular display
The price of visas for musicians has gone up and can cost thousands of dollars.
There are few clues on who carried out the burglary in the San Fernando Valley - or even how.
The sum to the airline for losses since January reflects the ongoing fallout to Boeing from the crisis.
The French President claims Russia is running a disinformation campaign to damage this summer's games.
The Green Party of England and Wales is aiming to build on its best ever set of local election results on 2 May.
Passengers and crew reportedly jumped into the sea to escape the blaze.
The band's distinctive look and entire back catalogue is sold to a Swedish music investor for around $300m.
The idea has caught the imagination of some in the town, but sceptics think it could all be a hoax.
After the recent wet weather it is going to turn very windy this weekend as Storm Kathleen hits the UK.
Cole Palmer scores twice after the 100-minute mark to complete his hat-trick and earn Chelsea a remarkable win against Manchester United.
Teenager Luke Littler makes it successive Premier League Darts nightly wins with a 6-3 victory over Gerwyn Price in Manchester.
Jurgen Klopp praises Alexis Mac Allister's "wonder goal" as Liverpool overcome Sheffield United to reclaim top spot in the Premier League and maintain control of the title race.
Current and former world champions Freya Colbert and Matt Richards secure their places at the Paris Olympics by winning British titles in London.
With the new County Championship season starting on Friday, can anyone prevent Surrey winning a third straight title?
Reigning Tour de France champion Jonas Vingegaard suffers a broken collarbone and several broken ribs in a crash at the Itzulia Basque Country stage race.
Inaki and Nico Williams' parents travelled to Bilbao from Ghana hoping the city would change their sons' lives. Their sons, in turn, have changed the city.
And US sets aid demands on Israel
The President’s said he’s 'outraged' by aid worker killings
A trip into the BBC archives to explore Terry Hall’s extraordinary, genre-hopping career.
A further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers comes into effect on Saturday.
"Devastating news" for families as probe into Legacy Independent Funeral Directors continues.
DUP MP Gavin Robinson took on the role of interim leader after Sir Jeffrey Donaldson stood down.
People have been urged to prepare for flooding, travel disruption and possible power cuts this weekend.
One business owner is worried about how changes will affect town centres in Wales. 
World Central Kitchen, which had seven of its staff killed in Gaza, said Israel must be transparent.
BBC Verify assesses the evidence behind Israel's key war aim of destroying Hamas during its military operation in the Gaza Strip.
A 4.8 magnitude earthquake struck New York City and surrounding areas, the region's most significate quake in decades.
Luke Evans says he was a victim of cyber-flashing in a suspected honeytrap plot targeting Westminster.
Woking pizzas and not sweating. A Netflix film relives the Newsnight interview, with a little dramatic licence.
John Tinniswood, from Merseyside, took the title after the death of the previous record-holder.
The couple, who wed in 2010, announced on social media that they filed to end their marriage last year.
England's defence of their European title gets off to a disappointing start as they are held to a draw by Sweden in their Euro 2025 qualifier.
The 15-year-old boy was attacked by several youths and suffered a cardiac arrest, say police.
Police believe the remains wrapped in plastic may have been there for "a matter of days".
Adele Okojie-Aidonojie was driving at 62mph before she crashed her convertible in July 2022.
James and Chris Smith say sorry for saying a glass eye would make a book character "more revolting".
After the recent wet weather it is going to turn very warm and windy this weekend as Storm Kathleen hits the UK.
Israel's military gives its account of how mistakes led to the killing of seven aid workers in Gaza.
Israel says it will open a crossing to northern Gaza, where starvation is most acute, and will also open a major port.
BBC Verify on what we know about the attack on an aid vehicle convoy in Gaza.
Israel's military is heavily reliant on imported aircraft and munitions to conduct its war in Gaza.
Experts say these errors could violate Israel's obligations under international humanitarian law.
Seven aid workers, including foreign nationals, have been killed in an Israeli strike in central Gaza.
The former president frequently refers to jailed defendants as "hostages", putting them at the centre of his campaign rallies.
Saturday's papers focus on Storm Kathleen's arrival and statisticians striking over workplace policy.
While some were startled, for many, it was just one more disturbance in a city that's no stranger to chaos.
Inaki and Nico Williams' parents travelled to Bilbao from Ghana hoping the city would change their sons' lives. Their sons, in turn, have changed the city.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The flat, known as Ron's Place, was secretly transformed by its tenant with weird and wonderful features.
People in the UK can also see the solar eclipse happening in the US next week
The trunks worn by Muhammad Ali in his epic 'Thrilla in Manila' victory over Joe Frazier are expected to fetch more than $6m at auction.
The US president says "union labour and American steel" will rebuild Baltimore's collapsed Key Bridge.
Holding company Kemble has told lenders that it has failed to meet a deadline for interest payments.
The PCS union has warned the dispute with the Home Office has not been resolved.
Bronny James, the son of NBA legend LeBron, is to enter the 2024 NBA draft.
Archaeologists unearthed the villa complex while working on a housing development in Grove.
A criminal network is suspected of embezzling millions from an EU post-Covid recovery scheme.
England's defence of their European title gets off to a disappointing start as they are held to a draw by Sweden in their Euro 2025 qualifier.
Hooker Sam Riley scores a late try as Harlequins defeat Glasgow Warriors in a thriller to book their spot in the Investec Champions Cup quarter-finals.
Rotherham become the first side in the EFL to be relegated this season after losing at home to fellow strugglers Plymouth Argyle.
World number one Ronnie O'Sullivan hits three century breaks in reaching the final of the Tour Championship with a 10-7 win over Gary Wilson.
Tottenham boss Ange Postecoglou says he is not interested in signing players who are only keen to join the club if they qualify for the Champions League.
Jess Fishlock inspires Wales to a 4-0 win over Croatia as their bid to qualify for a first major tournament gets off to a dream start in Wrexham.
An extraordinary portrait of lives compromised by war.
How well equipped is the UK to deal with wet weather?
A further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers has come into effect.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 can get the benefit.
The state pension rises by 8.5% following a pledge to protect the value of the benefit.
The National Minimum Wage and National Living Wage rates rose at the beginning of April.
A new energy price cap means the cost of electricity and gas went down from 1 April.
Adele Okojie-Aidonojie was driving at 62mph before she crashed her convertible in July 2022.
A law coming into force in the rest of the UK gives unpaid carers five days' unpaid annual leave.
Thousands of police complaints, a minister's inaccuracy and more heated debate - all in the law's first week.
A scammer posing online as a mutual friend conned a mum and daughter out of hundreds of pounds.
The massive protests come after the IDF recovered the body of an abducted Israeli.
Rishi Sunak says Israel has the right to defend itself but he is "shocked by the bloodshed" in Gaza.
Flights and ferry services are cancelled as the UK experiences strong winds but also the warmest day of the year.
Nato head Jens Stoltenberg tells Laura Kuenssberg authoritarian powers are becoming more aligned.
A murder investigation is launched by police as they try to locate a man who fled the scene.
A new crater on the volcano's summit has created a spectacular sight for tourists and locals.
Nail technicians unite to raise their charges in what they call "National Nail Price Increase Day”.
The US star of popular TV series 1923 was named a suspect in a domestic violence inquiry last week.
Arsenal maintained their pursuit of a first Premier League title for 20 years as they moved top of the table with an impressive away victory over Brighton.
A coalition of opposition forces in Myanmar has taken control of the busiest border crossing into Thailand.
Authorities warn that flood water levels are likely to rise further in the city's low-lying areas.
Officers saved the child after she wandered out of a house and fell in a nearby lake, police say.
A British Airways plane waiting to take off was struck by a Virgin Atlantic aircraft.
Headlines include warnings over Gaza and Coronation Street actors angry over their hours being cut.
"All the work you could want, but there isn't anywhere to live," say those struggling on the island.
BBC Verify assesses the evidence behind Israel's key war aim of destroying Hamas during its military operation in the Gaza Strip.
Divers are operating with near-zero visibility in a salvage mission where one wrong move could be catastrophic.
For them, experiencing a total solar eclipse is an otherworldly thrill that begs to be repeated.
The country star ditches drugs and toxic friends for a life of simple contentment on her new album.
Attacks on the closest big city to the Russian border have been intensifying in recent weeks.
The activist was placed on a bus with fellow detainees and driven away from a protest at The Hague.
Police stormed the Mexican embassy in Quito to arrest former Ecuadorian Vice-President Jorge Glas.
HMS Trent intercepted a smuggling speedboat following a port visit to the island of Martinique.
A 4.8 magnitude earthquake struck New York City and surrounding areas, the region's most significate quake in decades.
A scammer posing online as a mutual friend conned a mum and daughter out of hundreds of pounds.
Celtic and Rangers meet at Ibrox on Sunday amid the closest title race in Scotland for well over a decade.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag says his players will be "angry" when they face Liverpool and has called on them to "bring big games over the line".
Arsenal maintained their pursuit of a first Premier League title for 20 years as they moved top of the table with an impressive away victory over Brighton.
Aston Villa forward Ollie Watkins says his side lack "a big-team mentality" to kill off crucial games in the Premier League.
Olivia Newman-Baronius, 17, equals the S14 100m butterfly world record in her first major event to all but confirm her place at this summer's Paralympics.
Brendan Rodgers' Old Firm record is better than any other manager. But Sunday's meeting with Rangers could be his toughest yet, writes Tom English.
Match of the Day pundits analyse the decision to disallow a late Wolves equaliser against West Ham, with Gary Lineker suggesting that VAR is taking over - and that football needs an appeal system.
Johnson says the UK should continue selling arms to Israel.
The Duke of York speaks about his relationship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.
Rail workers at 16 companies are taking industrial action but tube strikes have been called off.
A further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers has come into effect.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 can get the benefit.
The state pension rises by 8.5% following a pledge to protect the value of the benefit.
A murder investigation is launched by police as they try to locate a man who fled the scene.
Part of the roof of Titanic Belfast has also been damaged during the yellow warning strong winds.
A Met Office warning for high winds was put in place across the west of Scotland on Saturday.
Nail technicians unite to raise their charges in what they call "National Nail Price Increase Day”.
Israel's military says it has completed its mission in Khan Younis and its troops will rotate out.
A town known for its brutal Russian occupation is being cleaned up and rebuilt, but for many the emotional scars remain.
The International Atomic Energy Agency warns Russia and Ukraine not to attack nuclear facilities.
Police are searching for Habibur Masum after a woman was fatally stabbed in broad daylight.
Russ Cook, nicknamed "Hardest Geezer", has finished his challenge of running the length of Africa.
Top executives have made £19.4m over 24 years since the flawed IT system was in place
The victims were attempting to flee a cholera outbreak on Mozambique's northern coast.
About 6,000 bikers joined the ride to North Yorkshire.
A passenger video captures the nail-biting landing at Edinburgh Airport during high winds.
Former Wimbledon and Newcastle United manager Joe Kinnear dies at the age of 77, his family announces.
The Southwest Airlines flight had to return to Denver International airport shortly after taking off.
Molly Cuddihy shares her story in a podcast covering themes including mental health and body image.
Former health secretary Jeane Freeman also believes misogyny should have been included in the new law.
BBC's Jeremy Bowen visits kibbutz Nir Oz six months after Hamas attack.
The massive protests come after the IDF recovered the body of an abducted Israeli.
Monday's papers report Lord Cameron warning the US over Ukraine aid and a man who ran across Africa.
The risk of an all-out Middle East war is increasing as the crisis in Gaza grows ever more desperate.
The director and star of a new biopic discuss filming the singer's career and turbulent life.
The BBC learns of at least 100 Rohingyas conscripted in recent weeks to fight for the embattled junta.
The show's host on respect for young contestants, viral moments, seating arrangements and more,
British graphic novelist Bryan Talbot is set to be inducted into the comics Hall of Fame.
Rising US stars Noah Kahan, Teddy Swims and Benson Boone have had some of the year's biggest hits.
If you are not lucky enough to live along the route in North America, you can still follow its journey here.
People in the UK can also see the solar eclipse happening in the US next week
The blackout will give scientists a rare chance to do experiments they cannot do any other time.
Forecasters predict heavy cloud cover in some places, but better viewing conditions elsewhere.
A former footballer says he would not change a thing after a hit-and-run driver ran him over.
Mark Williams produces a vintage performance to beat Ronnie O'Sullivan 10-5 in the final of the Tour Championship in Manchester.
Nail technicians unite to raise their charges in what they call "National Nail Price Increase Day”.
Frankie Dettori rides six consecutive winners, at cumulative odds of more than 77,000-1, at Santa Anita in California on Saturday evening.
Locals start digging up a Copenhagen street as part of a bid to tackle drug-related crime.
President Paul Kagame addressed world leaders at a ceremony marking 30 years since the brutal killings.
Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp warns Manchester United they will lose to Arsenal next month if they don't improve on their Old Trafford performance against his side.
After an Old Firm game where everything changed several times, has anything really changed in the Scottish Premiership title race?
The Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF) says it is "considering multiple proposals" to host the event in 2026, amid continued uncertainty over its long-term future.
Mark Williams produces a vintage performance to beat Ronnie O'Sullivan 10-5 in the final of the Tour Championship in Manchester.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy says Liverpool's draw at Old Trafford is not the end of the world for their title hopes - but they should have secured all three points.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Matt Richards wins an epic men's 200m freestyle race at the British Championships but Olympic champion Tom Dean misses out on the chance to defend his title.
Johnson says the UK should continue selling arms to Israel.
The Duke of York speaks about his relationship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Rail workers at 16 companies are taking industrial action but tube strikes have been called off.
A further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers has come into effect.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 can get the benefit.
Payments to pensioners will rise by 8.5% following the government's "triple lock" pledge.
Former Labour MP Lord Doug Hoyle was a "truly dedicated parliamentarian", Sir Lindsay Hoyle says.
Takura Makoni's home was sprayed with graffiti during the early hours of Sunday 7 April.
Former health secretary Jeane Freeman also believes misogyny should have been included in the new law.
Jess Hanshaw tells her children they may be go "on an adventure" as she faces being made homeless.
Stunning spectacle is witnessed by millions across the continent. Here are some of the stories.
See moment the Moon completely obscured the Sun, turning day to night and revealing dazzling corona.
On social media, Britons shared pictures of solid grey clouds and joked the view was "breathtaking".
Kulsuma Akter, from Oldham, was stabbed to death while pushing her baby in a pram, police say.
Palestinians describe widescale destruction as thousands go home after Israel pulls out.
The MP leaves his role as vice chair of the 1922 committee, after sharing MPs' personal phone numbers.
Remy Gordon and Kami Carpenter attacked Cody Fisher at the Crane club in Birmingham.
The party says its plans would raise £5.1bn a year but the government warns that more taxes will result.
Children who grew up close to a centre achieved better GCSE grades than their peers, research suggests.
Parroting the Kremlin line, Russian media is ignoring IS claims of responsibility for the Crocus City attack.
Ex-Marvel star avoids jail for assaulting his ex-girlfriend but will attend an intervention programme.
The UK's largest study of Covid patients treated in hospital found signs of active inflammation.
His statement on the contentious election issue was criticised by both conservatives and liberals.
Day turns to night, first in Mexico and then to cheering crowds in Texas and in eastern Canada.
The Moon’s shadow makes landfall just south of Mexico’s Mazatlán on the Pacific coast.
A time-lapse of the eclipse from different points of Texas.
BBC North America Correspondent Nomia Iqbal says the eclipse is "indescribable".
From wearing eclipse glasses to using your hands as a projector, here are ways to avoid an eye injury.
If you are not lucky enough to live along the route in North America, you can still follow its journey here.
A partial solar eclipse will be visible in some parts of the UK on Monday - weather allowing.
Tuesday's papers report six figure wages for council staff and Labour's plan to tackle tax-dodgers.
BBC correspondent Henry Zeffman reveals he was among those sent unsolicited messages on WhatsApp.
BBC Panorama investigates patient safety at a major private provider used by the NHS.
Russ Cook says it is "hard to contemplate the whole thing" after completing the mammoth challenge.
The BBC learns of at least 100 Rohingyas conscripted in recent weeks to fight for the embattled junta.
The Cody Rhodes and Roman Reigns main event saw The Rock, John Cena and The Undertaker involved.
The director and star of a new biopic discuss filming the singer's career and turbulent life.
Troops swap places in Paris and London to mark 120 years since the Entente Cordiale was signed.
The mayor of Orenburg urges thousands of residents to evacuate as the Ural River continues to swell.
The Vatican remains opposed to concepts like abortion and euthanasia, describing them as "grave violations".
The victim is in intensive care after becoming trapped in a moving walkway in a Shanghai supermarket.
Police were called to Rowdown Fields in Croydon on Tuesday morning where human remains were found.
Minister Kevin Hollinrake answered questions from an audience of postmasters wrongly accused of theft.
The broadcast regulator said it would examine whether an episode broadcast on Good Friday broke rules.
The manner in which financial-rule breaches are dealt with "makes a mockery of the Premier League", says Luton midfielder Andros Townsend.
Uefa is considering increasing squad sizes for this summer's European Championship to 26 players following talks with coaches.
Leah Williamson will make her first England appearance in a year in Tuesday's Euro 2025 qualifier against the Republic of Ireland.
England's Harry Brook hits century to help Yorkshire draw with Leicestershire in County Championship.
The furthest inside the ropes, the closest to the stars - a caddie's role extends far beyond carrying bags and wiping clubs.
Match of the Day 2 pundit Troy Deeney discusses how Liverpool showed "naivety" in a 2-2 draw at Manchester United and got caught by two "unbelievable goals".
Arsenal captain Martin Odegaard says side will not fear Bayern Munich striker Harry Kane when they face the German champions on Tuesday.
Newscast speaks to two people targeted in Westminster WhatsApp plot
The Duke of York speaks about his relationship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.
Rail workers at 16 companies are taking industrial action but tube strikes have been called off.
Payments to pensioners have risen by 8.5% following the government's "triple lock" pledge.
Son claims one of 35 bodies recovered from a funeral home is that of Jessie Stockdale.
Interim DUP leader Gavin Robinson says the last 10 days have been difficult but the party can move forward.
MV Glen Rosa is the second of two LNG dual-fuel ships being built for the west coast ferry operator.
Locals say they "grave concerns" over rising water levels at the Ffos-y-Fran opencast site.
A landmark report says "toxicity" of debate is hampering medical research into gender services.
The MP has also quit committee roles after admitting sharing MPs' numbers with someone on a dating app.
He told the official inquiry that a "once great" institution had been "asset stripped" by former bosses.
Arizona's top court ruled that a strict 160-year-old ban on abortion may be enforced.
Many feel “heavily burdened” by their finances but the picture has improved from 2023, a survey finds.
There has been mounting pressure on the UK government to suspend arms sales amid the crisis in Gaza.
Former England midfielder Danny Murphy says he became addicted to cocaine after his playing career ended.
The PM says shops must be able to trade free from abuse but Labour argues ministers have been slow to act.
Our ancestors may have kept foxes as pets long before domestic dogs, archaeological evidence suggests.
Cannabis vapes are being sold containing the dangerous animal tranquiliser xylazine, experts say.
The renowned scientist won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 2013.
Dozens of flood warnings and alerts remain in place as communities count the cost of latest floods.
Holders Manchester City and Real Madrid share six goals in a thriller at the Bernabeu to leave their Champions League quarter-final evenly poised.
Wednesday's papers report on an NHS paediatric gender care review and drama at the Post Office inquiry.
The renowned scientist came up with revolutionary ideas in the 1960s, sparking a 50-year search for evidence.
A standard online application for an adult will rise from £82.50 to £88.50 from 11 April.
TV networks roll out animation sequences inspired by pop culture to vie for viewership on election night.
On tour with Olivia Rodrigo, the singer is poised for a break-out moment with her risqué pop anthems.
The rapper and TV chef visited Mecca for the first time to explore his Muslim faith for a documentary.
"We are not made to sit in a rocking chair and knit," said one of the older Swiss women who won.
The parents of Ethan Crumbley, a Michigan school shooter, were sentenced to at least 10 years in prison.
As demolition of the Luton Airport car park continues, the BBC asks what the impact of the fire was.
Legacy Independent Funeral Directors "owes thousands of pounds" in unpaid burial and cremation fees.
Kulsuma Akter's family have been left "devastated" by her killing in Bradford city centre.
Aircraft from nine countries drop 10 tonnes of aid on the coast of Gaza to mark the end of Ramadan.
Security is stepped up for European Champions League ties over threats by a pro-Islamic State group.
Aimee Harris received a month in prison for selling writings by President Biden's daughter to a conservative group.
Four people have died and several are missing after a fire at a hydroelectric plant near Bologna.
Thomas Tuchel says Bayern Munich were denied a penalty by a "kid's mistake", while one pundit describes Arsenal not being awarded a spot-kick as "quite alarming".
Holders Manchester City and Real Madrid share six goals in a thriller at the Bernabeu to leave their Champions League quarter-final evenly poised.
Leah Williamson says she felt "10 times taller and 10 times stronger" making her England return for the first time in a year in their victory over the Republic of Ireland.
Former England midfielder Danny Murphy says he became addicted to cocaine after his playing career ended.
Spanish tennis player Aaron Cortes is banned from the sport until 2039 by the International Tennis Integrity Agency after admitting to corruption charges.
World champion Luke Humphries is beaten in the final of the eighth Players Championship event following Luke Littler's early exit.
Monday’s total eclipse was captured in a timelapse video ahead of Cleveland Guardians’ game against Chicago White Sox in MLB.
Newscast speaks to two people targeted in Westminster WhatsApp plot
Another voyage into the archives for more of the Swedish supergroup’s best BBC moments.
The untold story of an Inverness street trader who became an international fugitive.
Comedian Geoff Norcott investigates Britain’s higher education sector.
The chancellor will confirm how much benefits will go up in the Autumn Statement.
Payments to pensioners have risen by 8.5% following the government's "triple lock" pledge.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Dozens of flood warnings and alerts remain in place as communities count the cost of latest floods.
At 37, Mr Harris is a year younger than Leo Varadkar was when he took the same job in 2017.
The renowned scientist won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 2013.
A journalist who was arrested on the job in a "disturbing" case says his mental health suffered.
Kulsuma Akter, 27, was stabbed to death in Bradford city centre on Saturday afternoon.
Israel says Ismail Haniyeh's sons were all members of Hamas's military wing.
Palestinians say they cannot celebrate the Muslim festival due to the widespread pain and sadness.
More than 30 groups warn the government that fining or arresting people risks stigmatising the homeless.
The oral treatment - the first of its kind - could soon be available after being recommended for NHS use.
The presumptive Republican presidential nominee also said he would not sign a federal abortion ban.
The former Post Office boss has been accused of giving a false statement about postmaster cases to a minister.
Australia wants the US president to end attempts to extradite the Wikileaks founder from the UK.
Tijion Esho denied having a physical relationship with the woman but a tribunal found otherwise.
The new rules are designed to make EU states share responsibility for hosting asylum seekers.
The Democratic Party and its smaller ally are on course to strengthen their hold on parliament.
Zoe Carlin says she was left dehumanised after being admitted to hospital with chest pains.
At the time of Ms Mercer's death possession was not illegal but that changed last November.
Wednesday's papers report on US support for Israel against Iran and NHS plans to free up hospital beds.
Ecuador used to be one of Latin America's safest countries but has struggled to cope with escalating violence.
The salary needed for a UK work visa has risen sharply under government plans to limit migration.
Zelda, Baldur's Gate 3 and Spider-Man 2 are among the frontrunners at this year's ceremony.
Republicans have scrambled to respond to public condemnation of Arizona's court ruling this week.
Artificial intelligence software is being used to predict electricity demand and supply.
Two men who were duped by agents into joining the war against Ukraine speak about their experiences.
A landmark report says "toxicity" of debate is hampering medical research into gender services.
The owner of 15-year-old Zeus says she just wants him home and cannot bear never seeing him again.
Police said no one was killed after two groups of "young people actively engaged in gunfire".
New Foreign Office statistics show about £4.3bn was spent last year on asylum costs at home.
The start of the 2024 Masters on Thursday is set to be disrupted with thunderstorms forecast to hit Augusta National.
The UK's biggest supermarket chain made annual pre-tax profits of nearly £2.3bn up from £882m.
Francesca Amewudah-Rivers has been trolled online with "racist and misogynistic abuse" after casting.
Kylian Mbappe flatters to deceive as a youthful Barcelona side showed plenty of strength in adversity in coming back to beat Paris St-Germain in their Champions League quarter-final first leg.
Ronda Rousey - judoka, mixed martial artist, wrestler - tells BBC Sport how she has found inner peace after coming back from the lowest point of her career.
The start of the 2024 Masters on Thursday is set to be disrupted with thunderstorms forecast to hit Augusta National.
Atletico Madrid hold off a late Borussia Dortmund fightback to hold the advantage after the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final.
Darts players and diehard Manchester United fans Luke Littler and Nathan Aspinall use their skills to rank eleven football legends.
Five-time winners Barcelona come from behind to earn a slender advantage over Paris St-Germain in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final in France.
From daring landings to rescuing plane crash survivors, here are nine nail-biting moments.
Why is Russia targeting Ukraine’s second city?
Council tax bills have gone up for millions of households in England and Wales.
A standard online application for an adult is rising to £88.50 from 11 April.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
A judge describes Michael Davis's attacks on Ollie Davis as "brutal" as he handed him a life term.
Zoe Carlin says she was left dehumanised after being admitted to hospital with chest pains.
John Pryde, 77, had previously been accused of killing Catherine Pryde at their home in Clackmannanshire.
The senior civilian manager remained in his job for nine months before being suspended on full pay.
The ex-American football star was controversially acquitted of the murder of his wife and a friend in 1995.
Seema Misra was pregnant when she was wrongly jailed after being prosecuted by the Post Office.
One of Ukraine's main electricity providers says the Trypillya plant can no longer generate power.
Super Mario Bros Wonder won two, while Star Wars Jedi: Survivor missed out despite six nominations.
Two ex-ministers say the government should pause demands for large sums of money from benefits overpayments.
Record-breaking rainfall leaves fields under water, threatening this year's harvest yield and quality.
Kulsuma Akter's mother says she is "in shock" following her daughter's death in Bradford.
The environment secretary is involved in a row over actions on the Wisbech waste plant.
The artist's songs were removed from the platform in January after a dispute over licensing.
Following Brexit, the British overseas territory has been operating under temporary rules.
A spokesperson for the Bayern Munich star says his three eldest children are fine after the collision.
Neurosurgeon Mansoor Foroughi alleges he was dismissed after he raised safety concerns.
People eligible for the free vaccine in England, including everyone aged over 74, can book from Monday.
The one-time all-American sport star and Hollywood actor was at the centre of an infamous 1995 murder trial.
A Labour pledge to maintain the UK's nuclear deterrent and the death of OJ Simpson lead the papers.
With young people like college student Ben Salas dying, families and experts are searching for answers.
Muaziza Ambaraje is one of the few people to escape alive after a boat sank off the coast of Mozambique.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
With 969 million eligible voters, India's 2024 general election will be the largest ever seen.
The defendant in the ‘trial of the century’ dies of cancer aged 76.
The 32 precious items are on loan for at least three years after being taken from the Asante people.
The latest figures show many patients face long waits, but the PM insists headway is being made.
A police officer gives chase in Rotherham - after a passer-by offers his bike.
She tells the BBC she still struggles think about the future two years after her release from prison.
Archaeologists unearth significant new paintings in the ancient Roman town buried by a volcano in AD79.
He warns that Tehran is threatening to launch a "significant attack" after Israel struck the Iranian consulate in Syria.
Anouk Garnier climbs a 110m rope to the Eiffel Tower's second floor in just 18 minutes.
Liverpool's 3-0 home defeat by Atalanta in the Europa League was their worst performance under Jurgen Klopp, says former Reds defender Stephen Warnock.
Bayer Leverkusen score twice in the last 10 minutes to break West Ham's resistance and take the advantage after the first leg of their Europa League quarter-final.
Goals from Ollie Watkins and John McGinn give Aston Villa a narrow first-leg lead over Lille in their Europa Conference League quarter-final as Unai Emery marks his 1,000th game as a manager.
Ninety-seven Liverpool fans died as a result of April 1989's Hillsborough disaster. Nottingham Forest fans have been the silent witnesses of the horror that day.
Fernando Alonso's passion for Formula 1 shines like a blinding light as 42-year-old announces his decision to race on with Aston Martin, writes Andrew Benson.
Plus, historical revelations about a no 10 affair
The price of a applying for or renewing a UK passport has risen for the second time in 14 months.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Neurosurgeon Mansoor Foroughi alleges he was dismissed after he raised safety concerns.
The family of a murdered man express anger over a government legal challenge against his inquest.
BBC Sport understands that Scotland is the 'last resort' plan after Australia pulled out over costs.
Skateboarding is one of 13 new sports which will be allowed as part of GCSE PE from September 2026.
Labour's deputy leader says she will quit if she has committed a crime amid a row over where she lived.
Israel says it is ready to defend itself against retaliation for an attack on an Iranian consulate in Syria.
Alan Cook said he would "regret for life" sending the email about sub-postmasters who were wrongly convicted of theft.
Ten Protestant men were shot dead on their way home from work by the IRA in County Armagh in 1976.
A leading science journalist - Asya Kazantseva - also gets the label used to silence Kremlin critics.
The actress is joining the show for Ncuti Gatwa's second series which will air in 2025.
The designer, famed for his animal prints on leather and textiles, died at home in Florence.
Tragedy or not, the pop star will not be cast in 8ft bronze in his hometown of Cowbridge.
Prosecutors and Mr Trump's team will weed through hundreds of people in Manhattan as part of the hush money trial.
At its height, Little Chef had 439 restaurants across the UK but just two decades later they were all gone.
Aram Sheibani, of Trafford, is told to give up his wealth or face an extra decade in jail.
The couple, who are splitting after nine years, have starred in Meet The Richardsons since 2020.
Jeffrey Cook, 67, from Ceredigion was jailed after being convicted of misconduct in public office.
A probe into claims Labour's deputy leader broke electoral law and UK spies being targeted lead the papers.
The brightest burst of light ever recorded was caused by a supernova, but that prompts new questions.
A millennial North Korean who used to develop the regime's nuclear missiles is now a South Korean lawmaker.
Ten Protestant workmen were shot dead when an IRA gang ambushed their minibus in 1976.
Ninety-seven Liverpool fans died as a result of April 1989's Hillsborough disaster. Nottingham Forest fans have been the silent witnesses of the horror that day.
Runners, riders, trainers, form and odds - all the key details you need to know for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
Research suggests ACL knee injuries are far more common among women than men.
Donald Trump has distanced himself from a revived 1864 law that would ban most abortions.
It is all about the fashion as the second day of the Grand National Festival takes place at Aintree.
The defence secretary said the laser could be used to take down Russian drones as early as 2027.
Jonbon completes a treble for owner JP McManus on day two of the Grand National meeting at Aintree.
Renovation work continues after 2019's devastating fire at the iconic cathedral in Paris.
The MP for Enfield Southgate is reinstated as an investigation into a claim about his conduct ends.
The engineering team has a two-year $2 million grant to help Nasa study the Moon's surface.
Americans Scottie Scheffler, Bryson DeChambeau and Max Homa share the lead while Tiger Woods makes a record 24th consecutive halfway cut at the Masters.
Emma Raducanu produces a superb comeback to beat Caroline Garcia and level Great Britain's Billie Jean King Cup tie against France.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is targeting a striker in the next transfer window.
Mustapha Bundu scores the only goal of the game as Plymouth Argyle stun Championship leaders Leicester City at Home Park.
Runners, riders, trainers, form and odds - all the key details you need to know for Saturday's big race at Aintree.
Max Homa, Jordan Spieth and Tiger Woods feature in day two's best shots from the Masters at Augusta National, Georgia.
Tiger Woods battles a sandstorm on the 18th hole at Augusta before sinking a putt that means he is set to makes a 24th consecutive Masters cut.
Plus, historical revelations about a no 10 affair
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
Ashley Henry and Oria Henry, aged two, died after crashing into an oncoming lorry on Father's Day.
Ten Protestant men were shot dead on their way home from work by the IRA in County Armagh in 1976.
Commonwealth Games Scotland has offered Glasgow as a back-up if another host city cannot be found.
For the first time voters in Wales will need photo ID for police and crime commissioner elections.
Sirens and loud explosions are heard as Israel's air defences shoot down objects from the sky.
Loud explosions could be heard across the city as air defence systems shot down objects from the sky.
People were seen drinking in the streets of Tel Aviv despite Iran confirming a drone launch.
Iran launches drones and missiles at Israel, after threatening Israel with a reprisal attack.
Joel Cauchi, 40, fatally stabbed five women and a man at Westfield Bondi Junction mall on Saturday.
The female officer singlehandedly pursued and killed a man in Sydney after he fatally stabbed six people.
Angela Rayner is seen as a major asset for Labour but a police probe will cause problems for the party.
I Am Maximus storms clear to win the Grand National at Aintree for jockey Paul Townend and trainer Willie Mullins.
At its height, Little Chef had 439 restaurants across the UK but just two decades later they were all gone.
Alan Bates, who has led a campaign for justice for decades, says he wants people to be held to account.
At least six people are occupying the York & Albany pub near Regents Park in central London.
Film stars have made fancy dress fashionable in their recent red carpet looks.
Tim Loughton becomes the latest Conservative MP to announce that they will not seek re-election.
The suspects aged between 20 and 70 are held on suspicion of concealing a death and unlawful burial.
Gen Oleksandr Syrskyi said Russia is making tactical gains and benefitting from warmer weather.
Manchester police pursue a car reported stolen with the owner's 89-year-old mother still inside it.
El Salvadorans forcibly adopted as infants during the 1980s civil war, are now seeking their birth-families.
The BBC unearths crucial new details about the WhatsApp phishing scandal rocking Westminster.
With ammo critically low and Western aid stalled, what might Russia attempt in Ukraine this year?
Prosecutors and Mr Trump's team will weed through hundreds of people in Manhattan as part of the hush money trial.
Ninety-seven Liverpool fans died as a result of April 1989's Hillsborough disaster. Nottingham Forest fans have been the silent witnesses of the horror that day.
The road to Wembley continues this weekend, with both Women's FA Cup semi-finals being shown live on the BBC.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
Members of a gang to import cannabis were foiled after reports of a theft, police say.
Manchester United twice come from behind to deny Bournemouth victory but their winless Premier League run extends to four games.
The MSC Aries was seized by troops descending from a helicopter early on Saturday, the ship's owner says.
Meadowfest was due to take place in Malton at the end of July.
Tarcisio Paniccia has run Michael's Tailoring since 1969 after moving to Bristol from Italy.
Sheila Brill is a campaigner for safer childbirth after her daughter was starved of oxygen during labour.
Alan Black was seriously wounded in the 1976 gun attack which left 10 of his workmates dead.
World number one Scottie Scheffler hangs on to the Masters lead after an eventful third day where Tiger Woods shoots his worst score at a major.
A 5-1 home win over Luton was the ideal fixture for Manchester City, nestled between two Champions League ties with Real Madrid.
Emma Raducanu withstands a late surge from France's Diane Parry to secure Great Britain's place in the Billie Jean King Cup Finals.
Manchester United twice come from behind to deny Bournemouth victory but their winless Premier League run extends to four games.
England's discipline is "not good enough" despite scoring eight tries to overpower Scotland 46-0 in the women's Six Nations, says Brian Moore.
Ludvig Aberg, Scottie Scheffler and Shane Lowry feature in day three's best shots from the Masters at Augusta National, Georgia.
Match of the Day pundit Micah Richards looks at Manchester United's defensive issues in their 2-2 draw at Bournemouth.
From daring landings to rescuing plane crash survivors, here are nine nail-biting moments.
The former PM reveals details of her fractious 49 days in office.
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
The price of a applying for or renewing a UK passport has risen for the second time in 14 months.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
The victim's family say Victor Farrant's case has been passed on to the prison governor.
Niall Naughton from County Clare describes the "state of panic" that unfolded as shoppers fled.
Police arrested the boy after reports of an assault on a man on the city's Victoria Road on Friday.
Wrexham seal promotion to League One with a rampant 6-0 win that leaves bottom side Forest Green Rovers on the cusp of relegation.
World leaders are scrambling to prevent the Middle East entering a damaging wider conflict.
Officials said Joe Biden urged Israel to "think carefully" before launching a response to the attack.
With Iran and Israel in direct confrontation, BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner considers what comes next.
Joel Cauchi, 40, fatally stabbed six people in a crowded Sydney shopping centre on Saturday.
Ashlee Good was killed and her nine-month-old baby injured during Joel Cauchi's rampage at a Sydney mall.
The musical won seven prizes including best revival and best actress for Nicole Scherzinger
A claim on behalf of more than 250 survivors of the 2017 blast has been lodged, lawyers confirm.
The move comes as legislation to revive the removal scheme is expected to pass in the coming days.
Britain faces new challenges from an older and sicker population, according to a new report.
Army veteran Richard Lee says the inquiry into Katrice Lee's disappearance has been mishandled.
It comes after an ex-aide to Labour's deputy leader says she lived with her husband when registered elsewhere.
The BBC understands some Conservative politicians as well as business and charity leaders will not attend.
Footage shows projectiles being intercepted after Iran attacked Israel with drones and missiles.
The US says it won't take part in any Israeli response and urges its ally to exercise caution.
Israel says 99% percent of projectiles fired at it by Iran overnight were intercepted by it and its allies.
The MoD says the RAF will repel "any airborne attacks within range" of its jets in the Middle East.
Iran's attack on Israel marks a major escalation in a long-running shadow war between the two nations.
The fallout from Iran's unprecedented aerial attack and fears of regional escalation dominates the papers.
A new, easier version of the traditional word game leaves us asking: What are board games for?
The doctor who gave Colin Smith imported blood products broke his NHS department's guidelines.
Jenni Hicks says years of campaigning for justice meant she could not deal with her own loss.
Being a spouse to a Latin American leader used to mean supporting your husband's career. But no more.
Most of the Chibok girls abducted 10 years ago in Nigeria are now free but some feel badly let down.
Those most at risk from Covid will be offered a spring booster by the NHS in England from Monday.
Sophie Okonedo, David Tennant, Sarah Snook and Nicole Scherzinger were among those posing for pictures.
Parents will soon be finding out which primary school their children will be going to.
Girls Aloud, Holly Willoughby and Olly Murs helped the duo bid farewell to the show - for now.
Seventeen people are in hospital after the crash near Pontefract on Saturday night.
Aston Villa produce an outstanding performance to stun Arsenal and leave Manchester City in pole position in the Premier League title race.
Saturday was warmer than average, but the weather is expected to get colder during the next week.
Inspector Amy Scott singlehandedly pursued and killed a man in Sydney after he fatally stabbed six people.
World number one Scottie Scheffler wins the Masters for a second time after keeping his nerve at Augusta National as his rivals faltered.
Can Arsenal and Liverpool hit back from savage blows in the Premier League title race or has momentum shifted decisively to Manchester City?
Manchester United beat Women's FA Cup holders Chelsea in a thrilling semi-final to set up a Wembley final against Tottenham on 12 May.
Matty Ashton's incredible finish is the best of Warrington's five tries as they stun St Helens to book a Challenge Cup semi with Huddersfield.
Bayer Leverkusen end Bayern Munich's era of dominance and clinch their first Bundesliga title with five games to spare by beating Werder Bremen.
Jenni Hicks says years of campaigning for justice meant she could not deal with her own loss.
Leanne Devine says "traumatised" customers came into her salon having run in fear for their lives.
Humza Yousaf described the attack as 'worrying' and stood by his call to end UK arms sales to Israel.
Tony Gillard says if he had ignored his symptoms, he might never have met his great-grandchildren.
Israel's military chief of staff says the attack by Iran "will be met with a response", as allies urge restraint.
The unprecedented court case opens with more than half of potential jurors dismissed on grounds of bias.
The ex-PM warns the "world was safer" under Donald Trump's presidency, and the West is "on the cusp" of conflict.
Prosecutor Tom Little KC says Constance Marten, 36, has lied to the jury about what happened.
A judge sentenced Hannah Gutierrez-Reed to prison after the 2021 on-set shooting.
San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge was blocked for hours during a pro-Palestinian demonstration.
The star objected to a photographer at the Olivier awards who apparently asked her to "show leg".
The UK is reported to have held talks with other countries to replicate the scheme if it is successful.
Ocean heat records have been breaking for months. This is the first global evidence of the impacts on sea life.
Rishi Sunak makes statement on Iran while a number of guests shun the annual reception at No 10.
Olivia Patterson was playing outside with a friend when she saw flames rising from her home's roof.
The ladders are helping the rodents move around following the loss of diseased Ash trees.
A judge says the order cannot be overturned but the law firm says this verdict is a "bad decision".
Footage shows projectiles being intercepted after Iran attacked Israel with drones and missiles.
World leaders are scrambling to prevent the Middle East entering a damaging wider conflict.
EasyJet has suspended planes travelling to Tel Aviv until 21 April following Tehran's attack.
With Iran and Israel in direct confrontation, BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner considers what comes next.
Israel says 99% percent of projectiles fired at it by Iran overnight were intercepted by it and its allies.
Prices had already risen in expectation of action, with Brent crude near a six-month high last week.
The author, who was stabbed on stage in 2022, tells the BBC that he thought he was dying.
Opposition parties accuse a government-appointed commission of political bias and threaten to challenge any liberalisation of abortion in court.
Tributes are flowing for the six people who died in a stabbing rampage inside a popular mall.
Russia now frequently targets Ukraine's energy infrastructure in an attempt to cripple the country.
With Zoran Milanovic in the race, the result of the Croatian election has become unpredictable.
Parents will soon be finding out which primary school their children will be going to.
France's government may change the Olympic opening ceremony in Paris because of security worries.
The presumptive Republican nominee for president will juggle a six-week trial in New York with campaigning.
Experts are split over the strength of NY prosecutor Alvin Bragg's case, which relies on a novel legal strategy.
Prosecutors and Mr Trump's team will weed through hundreds of people in Manhattan for the hush-money trial.
The former president is juggling potentially explosive legal battles with campaigning for the White House.
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Weekend one of the festival also sees surprise appearances from Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish.
Damien Guerot confronted the killer in a desperate bid to stop the attack, which killed six people.
Prince Harry's appeal over his security protection is rejected, but his legal fight is to carry on.
Cars are damaged and houses shake as a suspected tornado strikes in Knutton, Staffordshire.
Joel Cauchi, 40, fatally stabbed six people in a crowded Sydney shopping centre on Saturday.
Former England and Kent bowler Derek Underwood dies at the age of 78, the county announces.
Following a pleasant weekend of weather for many it has turned wet and windy again. Can we hope for a swing back to something more settled later this week?
After scoring four brilliant goals for Chelsea in their 6-0 win over Everton on Monday, can the Blues' Cole Palmer win the golden boot?
Former England and Kent bowler Derek Underwood dies at the age of 78, the county announces.
Andy Murray will not have surgery surgery on an ankle injury suffered last month but does not have a date for his return.
Paris will welcome the world this summer, but France's distinctive relationship with religion means its own Olympic athletes will have a different dress code.
Chelsea boss Mauricio Pochettino says he was "so upset" about the dispute over who would take the penalty in their 6-0 win over Everton and warns his players not to do it again.
Which players impressed our football pundit Garth Crooks enough to make his latest Team of the Week?
Sir Salman Rushdie discusses how he was attacked in 2022 in the US, with Alan Yentob.
Former PM sits down with Chris Mason for Newscast
A basic guide to how the health of the economy is measured, and why that calculation matters.
The price of a applying for or renewing a UK passport has risen for the second time in 14 months.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Paula Leeson's family hope to prove she was unlawfully killed by her husband Donald McPherson. 
The incident occurred whilst he was on duty in an industrial estate in Antrim in 2016.
A fresh review of Eva's case prompted by BBC coverage led to the operation going ahead last week.
Less than half of children in Butetown get their top choice school compared with 88% across Cardiff.
The measures, championed by PM Rishi Sunak, pass despite opposition by several leading Conservative figures.
Michaela School was entitled to enforce a ban on prayer rituals, the High Court has ruled.
Gaza is out of the headlines, but the pressure on Israel's PM has changed rather than disappeared.
A defence barrister has told the Old Bailey how Constance Marten's love for her children "overflowed".
There was shock as the 17th Century building's iconic dragon spire collapsed in the fire.
Kate Roughley, 37, is accused of the manslaughter by ill-treatment of nine-month-old Genevieve Meehan.
Seven jurors have been selected so far, including the foreman. Among them are lawyers, a teacher and a nurse.
An impartial 12-person jury is needed for his first criminal trial - dozens have already been excused.
David Miller says he should have read a 2003 report calling out Horizon system discrepancies.
Attendees were not being allowed into the National Conservatism Conference after the mayor ordered it to shut.
Former Mr Olympia competitor Neil Currey died in September 2023 in Sheffield, an inquest hears.
Heavy rains are battering Gulf states, causing flash flooding across the region.
The life of the French first lady will be turned into a six-part TV drama series.
The authorities defend attacking Israel, but not all Iranians see it that way.
Palestinians and the UN demand that Israeli forces stop a rampage across the occupied West Bank.
Israel's military chief of staff says the attack by Iran "will be met with a response", as allies urge restraint.
Simeon Boikov sparked a social media frenzy implicating an innocent 20-year-old in the shopping mall attack.
The unemployment rate is relatively low historically, but millions aren't working.
The football commentator pays tribute to a speech therapist who helped him talk again after surgery.
The government wants to stop people smoking by raising the legal age limit for buying cigarettes.
Michael Bibi says his first big show after undergoing cancer treatment was "emotional" and "intense".
A look at the events after the death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the set of Rust in 2021.
A Greek actress playing the role of a high priestess lights the Olympic flame in ancient Olympia, Greece.
James McCartney and Sean Ono Lennon invoke The Beatles' songwriting partnership on Primrose Hill.
The jars of strawberry jam, labelled America Riviera Orchard, have been shared with friends and influencers.
Rafael Nadal enjoys a winning start at the Barcelona Open as he returns from another long-term injury in what could be his final year before retirement.
The brand, which runs 216 shops as well as franchised stores, is looking at ways to save cash.
A couple are the new landlords of The Sportsmen pub, six months after their wedding there.



Iran International's Pouria Zeraati says he was approached by a man asking for change before he was stabbed.
After Paris St-Germain come back to reach the Champions League semi-finals, is it time for Kylian Mbappe to deliver a European trophy?
Borussia Dortmund reach their first Champions League semi-final in 11 years by producing a superb second-half comeback to beat Atletico Madrid 5-4 on aggregate.
Paris 2024 chief Tony Estanguet says the Games will protected by an "unprecedented" security operation, and that preparations are "in good shape".
Portsmouth come from behind to beat Barnsley and seal promotion to the Championship thanks to late goal from defender Conor Shaughnessy.
Katie Taylor's long-awaited rematch with Amanda Serrano announced for 20 July in Texas, as a co-main event with the Jake Paul v Mike Tyson bout.
Sir Salman Rushdie discusses how he was attacked in 2022 in the US, with Alan Yentob.
Former PM sits down with Chris Mason for Newscast
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
More than 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Kate Roughley, 37, is accused of the manslaughter by ill-treatment of nine-month-old Genevieve Meehan.
Ryan Straney, 27, died after a multi-vehicle crash near Sydney on Monday morning.
MSPs are set to increase the cost of alcohol but opinions remain split over the policy's effectiveness.
Residents in a block of flats see their maintenance fees increase by more than £1,000.
The world's second-busiest airport warns that "recovery will take some time" after its runway was submerged amid flash floods.
Dubai has been hit by record floods, sparking misleading speculation about cloud seeding.
Police took down the international scam on Tuesday and say there could be up to 70,000 UK victims.
Aviva Siegel tells the BBC of the brutal conditions she, Keith and others faced in Hamas captivity.
The Scottish government is to scrap its flagship target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 75% by 2030.
The gulf state's PM says it has been exploited and abused after trying to secure a ceasefire.
The official allegedly contacted a man and asked for £2,000 to approve his refugee application.
Scientists say a fossilised jawbone found in Somerset may be from one of the biggest sea creatures ever.
Holders Manchester City are knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid, losing 4-3 on penalties in their quarter-final second leg.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated as Mount Ruang continues to erupt for the second day.
Peers continue standoff with MPs over legislation enabling asylum seekers to be sent to east Africa.
The Star Wars actor describes his wife Samantha as his "favourite human" after she dies aged 53.
Lawmakers voice concerns over claims that Boeing threatens staff who raise safety concerns.
A couple with a six-month-old say they've run out of baby food and nappies as flood chaos continues.
The stabbing of an Assyrian Christian bishop in Sydney's multi-faith heartland sparks reciprocation fears.
The 2024 Paris Olympics mark 100 years since the French capital last played host. From art competitions to the Chariots of Fire legend, it was a Games of many firsts and lasts.
The government talks about taxes coming down but other talk about them going up. Who is right?
Viola, the elephant, was startled by the sound of a nearby car and ran away while having a bath.
Mae Sot has become an uneasy refuge for Burmese on the run, akin to Cold War-era Berlin or Casablanca.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The deal, if approved by shareholders and judges, would be the largest in corporate America. 

The novelist, best known for her Shopaholic series of novels, revealed her diagnosis on social media.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt says he replaced the No 11 carpets Liz Truss claimed were infested with fleas.
The UK foreign secretary tells Israeli leaders not to risk escalating tensions in the Middle East.
Karen Hadaway and Nicola Fellows, both aged nine, were killed in Brighton in 1986.
Former Post Office chairman Allan Leighton apologises for his part in the "terrible" Horizon scandal.
Michael Donovan was jailed for staging the youngster's kidnap in February 2008.
Manchester City's dreams of winning a second successive Treble were left in tatters by Real Madrid, writes Phil McNulty.
Mikel Arteta says he must show his Arsenal side "support and love" after they were knocked out in the Champions League.
Rangers suffer a second blow to their Scottish Premiership title hopes within three days as they are held to a goalless draw away to Dundee.
The England and Wales Cricket Board announces the eight counties that will host professional women's teams as part of a major restructure of the domestic game from 2025.
Holders Manchester City are knocked out of the Champions League by Real Madrid, losing 4-3 on penalties in their quarter-final second leg.
Chelsea forward Aggie Beever-Jones says she wants to "give the right people headaches" as she scores her eighth goal of the season in the 3-0 win over Aston Villa.
The law change follows a BBC report.
Sir Salman Rushdie discusses how he was attacked in 2022 in the US, with Alan Yentob.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
More than 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
Michael Donovan was jailed for staging the youngster's kidnap in February 2008.
The official allegedly contacted a man and asked for £2,000 to approve his refugee application.
The Scottish government is to scrap its flagship target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 75% by 2030.
Underage vaping should be seen as a dependency issue, not pupil misconduct, say health officials.
They were given infected blood products in trials without their knowledge, the BBC has found.
The husband of Nicola Sturgeon had been re-arrested in connection with the SNP finances investigation.
Fylde MP Mark Menzies strongly disputes claims he asked a party volunteer for £5,000 to pay "bad people".
After hours of questioning, a full jury is finally found on day three of the ex-president's criminal trial.
Prosecutors say the man was tasked with getting information on an airport used by Ukraine's leader.
The 'pastry v pilates' final was between piemaker Phil Turner and gym owner Rachel Woolford.
Families in court cheer and applaud as the verdict is read out in the longest running inquest in Irish history.
Steve Barclay's office sought advice on blocking incinerators, including one in his own constituency.
Team GB and ParalympicsGB release the kits their athletes will wear at the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games in Paris.
Some Swifties dive straight in to listen while others insist true fans will wait for official release.
The historic 17th Century building in Denmark's capital was engulfed in flames on Tuesday.
The EU Commission says UK and EU citizens under 30 should be able to work or study for up to four years.
Aida Shakarami was detained for allegedly violating the compulsory hijab laws, her mother says.
EU plans to offer visas to UK students and measures to tackle the UK's benefits bill lead the papers.
The winning images from this year's World Press Photo Contest.
If Dubai is the ultimate Instagram city, then this was the week the filter came off.
Migrants are caught in China's manufacturing battles with the West, as Beijing tries to save its economy.
Extracting ground water for growing urban populations causes half of China's big cities to sink.
Megan Brown usually picks up more flavours than more experienced male counterparts at whisky tastings.
Pastor Chris Oyakhilome is targeting the new malaria vaccines as African countries start their rollout.
The prince was given the cards by a volunteer on his first engagement since his wife's cancer diagnosis.
The annual and interim climate targets will be replaced with a system measuring emissions every five years.
Mr Malkinson spent 17 years in prison for rape before being exonerated by DNA testing.
The late musician's song is part of a project giving financial credit to nature.
Her complaint includes issues relating to age and sex discrimination and equal pay, documents reveal.
The councillor is stepping down as leader of West Northamptonshire Council, which he has led since 2021.
Younger women could benefit from targeted interventions to tackle the apparent rise, researchers say.
Two weeks ago, Liverpool were top of the Premier League and had a favourable route to the Europa League final - things now look very different as Jurgen Klopp's departure looms.
West Ham boss David Moyes is involved in a frosty exchange with a reporter after being asked about his future after their Europa League exit.
Aston Villa reach their first major European semi-final since 1982 with a chaotic penalty shootout victory over Lille in the Europa Conference League.
Nathan Aspinall beats Michael Smith 6-4 in the final to win night 12 of Premier League Darts in Rotterdam.
Ronnie O'Sullivan is the "man to beat" as he looks to complete "best season ever" with a record eighth World Championship title in the modern era.
Emma Raducanu will face world number one Iga Swiatek in the quarter-finals of the Stuttgart Open after beating Linda Noskova in straight sets.
Amol and Nick on what the major intervention on smoking says about Sunak’s premiership.
Allen and Margaret Morgan made unexplained cash withdrawals before his wife was killed, court told.
Families in court cheer and applaud as the verdict is read out in the longest running inquest in Irish history.
The husband of Nicola Sturgeon had been re-arrested in connection with the SNP finances investigation.
The 20mph limit is controversial, but a petition calls for it to be introduced in two villages.
The motive in the incident, which was witnessed by reporters at the scene, remains unclear.
The BBC's Nada Tawfik was outside the New York court where Donald Trump's trial is taking place.
After decades of rivalry, the rival Middle East powers have both miscalculated, writes Jeremy Bowen.
Footage showing explosions in the sky over Iran has been analysed by BBC Verify.
Footage shows Gideon Falter being told his presence is "antagonising" near a pro-Palestine march.
Transport Secretary Ken Skates says speed limit policy must be "corrected" after a public backlash.
Kyiv has long been pressing for hi-tech Patriot systems to defend against deadly Russian attacks.
Mark Menzies strongly disputes claims he asked a party activist for £5,000 to pay "bad people".
The ex-PM's publishers apologise and agree to remove a fake quote tied to an antisemitic conspiracy theory.
Mary Mandefield said a group of men were racist and misogynistic to passengers in south London.
Britain's Emma Raducanu falls to world number one and defending champion Iga Swiatek in the quarter-finals of the Stuttgart Open.
Leighton James, the former Burnley Swansea, Derby County and Wales winger, dies at the age of 71.
Four squatters left the pub on Friday after a court order was made to allow the owners to retake it.
Some in Israel had been calling for a stronger move than this apparently limited strike, writes James Landale.
Blasts are heard in central Isfahan province, though it was not immediately clear what was hit.
The historic city, nicknamed "Nesf-e-Jahaan" or half the world, is also a centre for military industry.
The long-running shadow war between the two countries has come into the open.
There are competing claims about the scale of Friday's attack on the Isfahan region.
The star's 11th album is much more than a break-up record, and may even mark the end of an era.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The stabbing rampage at a busy Sydney shopping centre has left many - particularly women - fearful.
The influential director has reportedly scrapped the idea for his 10th film and gone back to the drawing board.
Five years ago, Anya Culling took more than four and a half hours to complete the London Marathon - but in 2024 she will take her place among the elites.
Specialist clinics are helping increasing numbers of young ketamine users with damaged bladders.
Sell or be banned - TikTok's US operations, by some estimates, could fetch up to $100bn.
The top three finishers of the Beijing half marathon are stripped of their medals after an investigation into the controversial result.
Dickey Betts helped create their band's Sothern rock style and wrote classic songs like Ramblin' Man.
The videos taken of women on nights out without their knowledge have gained millions of views.
Mr Barton says he has been visited by officers "four times in three days".
Ella Janneh has brought a civil claim against Michael Lousada after he faced no criminal charges.
The ditty is said to have been inspired by events at the site of the property almost 500 years ago.
The EU Commission said UK and EU citizens under 30 should be able to work or study for up to four years.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Cole Palmer was asking to leave the club for two years before he eventually joined Chelsea.
Britain's Emma Raducanu falls to world number one and defending champion Iga Swiatek in the quarter-finals of the Stuttgart Open.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland is a doubt for his side's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea on Saturday.
Leighton James, the former Burnley Swansea, Derby County and Wales winger, dies at the age of 71.
Lando Norris beats Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso to take pole position for the sprint race at the Chinese Grand Prix in a hectic wet session.
Here's all you need to know on Scottish Cup semi-final weekend and how to follow on the BBC.
World record holder Sebastian Steudtner rides a wave measured at 28.57m in Nazare, Portugal - an unofficial new world record awaiting confirmation.
From dizzying records to becoming a billionaire: we're bringing up Taylor Swift's history.
Nearly one billion people will go to the polls
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
Fewer than a third of councils in all areas have enough spaces for children under two, a charity finds.
Parents and a play centre owner say they are feeling the squeeze when it comes to costs.
Alex McGinn is waiting for her son to turn three so he qualifies for 30 hours of free childcare.
Fiona Beal denies murder but admits the manslaughter of Nicholas Billingham.
The Public Prosecution Service has been investigating fifteen former soldiers and an alleged former member of the IRA.
The Scottish Greens have called an EGM after the Scottish government ditched key climate change targets.
Transport Secretary Ken Skates says speed limit policy must be "corrected" after a public backlash.
The long-stalled package could be vital for Ukraine, which is struggling to contain Russia's invasion.
In a BBC interview, Chris Stark says the PM has not made climate change "as much of a priority as his predecessors".
Protesters demand curbs on tourists numbers and uncontrolled development in the Spanish archipelago.
Fighting continues in Gaza, where a humanitarian crisis is overshadowed by the wider regional conflict.
We asked some GPs what they thought of other professionals taking on their responsibility for sick notes.
The Tortured Poets Department became Spotify's most-streamed album in a single day, the platform said.
Policing minister Chris Philp is set to meet the commissioner after an officer described a campaigner as "openly Jewish".
Bosses say they had to cancel some tickets for the Rick Astley gig to test the venue "effectively".
The majority of handguns used in Canadian crimes come from the US, where gun laws are much more lax.
Squatters say they have come to an agreement with the owners of the York and Albany near Regent's Park in north London.
Bernardo Silva scores late winner as holders Manchester City reach the FA Cup final at the expense of Chelsea.
Dr Hilary Cass says adults who deliberately spread false information are putting young people at risk.
Arsenal put their Champions League disappointment behind them to beat Wolves and move back to the top of the Premier League.
Former home secretary Suella Braverman is among people calling for Sir Mark Rowley to resign, the Sunday Telegraph reports.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
From exes who wasted our time, to comfort-eating after a breakup. We've all been there and so has Swift.
The stabbing rampage at a busy Sydney shopping centre has left many - particularly women - fearful.
Actress Jessica Gunning plays an obsessive and delusional stalker in Netflix's word-of-mouth hit.
Tributes will be paid to Kelvin Kiptum, a world record could be set and famous faces take to the start line - here's everything you need to know about this year's London Marathon.
The latest round in the longstanding, dangerous rivalry between Israel and Iran seems over for now, Lyse Doucet writes.
Tributes are being paid to the gospel singer who won a Grammy in 2014 for her record Overcomer.
Police say there is no wider threat to the community after two bodies were found at a house.
Maxwell Azzarello doused himself in liquid before throwing conspiracy-theory pamphlets, police said.
The car they were travelling in broke through a fence at a retail park and hit a footbridge.
The militia blamed an attack, while Iraq's military said it did not detect drones or jets in the area.
Scottish Green members are to  vote on whether to remain in government  after the SNP ditched key climate change targets.
Runners taking part in the London Marathon have had to brave training in their fancy dress.
Chelsea and Mauricio Pochettino are unable to shake off the unwanted label of nearly men after suffering their latest agonising Wembley defeat in the FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City.
Last year's Crucible winner Luca Brecel says he is "looking forward to not being world champion again" after he loses 10-9 to David Gilbert in the first round.
Arsenal put their Champions League disappointment behind them to beat Wolves and move back to the top of the Premier League.
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says it is "unacceptable" his side had to play an FA Cup semi-final so soon after a Champions League quarter-final.
From dizzying records to becoming a billionaire: we're bringing up Taylor Swift's history.
US calls for calm between Israel and Iran
Fewer than a third of councils in all areas have enough spaces for children under two, a charity finds.
Parents and a play centre owner say they are feeling the squeeze when it comes to costs.
Alex McGinn is waiting for her son to turn three so he qualifies for 30 hours of free childcare.
Bosses say they had to cancel some tickets for the Rick Astley gig to test the venue "effectively".
Parents in Northern Ireland do not get any free childcare, unlike those in other parts of the UK.
Scottish Green members are to  vote on whether to remain in government  after the SNP ditched key climate change targets.
James Bexon knows he has less than 30 years before developing a rare form of genetic Alzheimer's.
The party says he showed a "pattern of behaviour" below standards but it "cannot conclude" party funds were misused.
Reports say the US is planning to cut military aid to one Israeli unit over alleged rights violations.
Manchester United scrape into the FA Cup final on penalties despite throwing away a three-goal lead against Championship side Coventry in an epic semi-final at Wembley.
A No 10 source says police "mishandled" its interaction with a Jewish man at pro-Palestinian protest. 
The number of under 65s struggling with poor health is rising - and it's a threat to the economy.
Jude Bellingham scores late as Real Madrid beat Barcelona to move 11 points clear at the top of La Liga after an enthralling El Clasico.
Just 1,500 out of 150,000 people have received redress after the force-fitting of prepayment meters.
Lloyd Martin's London Marathon run makes him the youngest in his disability category to finish one.
Daniel Fairbrother stops to asks girlfriend Hayley to marry him as she watched the race at Big Ben.
Sir Andrew was one of the longest-serving chief conductors of the BBC Symphony Orchestra.
The Palestinian Red Crescent says Mohammed Awad Allan, 50, was shot while trying to treat injured people.
All five members of the group perform Stop at Victoria Beckham's 50th birthday party in London.
More than 50,000 people are running through the capital, many in fancy dress.
It was a "fab day" at Nottingham's iconic Rock City with hundreds of partygoers attending Day Fever.
A musician who lost her hearing overnight says it spurred her on to make new music from nature.
Jordan van den Berg's vigilante-style approach has won him fans and critics amid a housing crisis.
The $61bn (£49bn) aid package keeps Ukraine in the fight but it's no silver bullet, BBC's James Waterhouse writes from Kyiv.
Human remains have been discovered multiple times along one stretch of Welsh coastline.
Danes recount watching in horror as the historic Borsen went up in flames.
All resale tickets for the world-famous music festival are now gone.
The car veered off track at the Fox Hill Supercross event, killing race officials and spectators.
The US House of Representatives voted on Saturday to ban the app if TikTok's owner does not cut China ties.
Five domestic abuse charities sign an open letter to a council saying inaction "could cost lives".
Olympic champion Peres Jepchirchir storms to victory in a women's only world-record time of two hours 16 minutes and 16 seconds at the London Marathon.
The incident happened shortly after 9pm local time on Saturday night, authorities said.
Cyriel Dessers fires Rangers into a first Scottish Cup final against Celtic since 2002, with a goal either side of half-time at Hampden seeing off Hearts.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag admits his side "got away with it" to reach the FA Cup final after their shootout victory against Coventry.
Coventry's epic FA Cup semi-final with Manchester United, when the Sky Blues came from 3-0 down to force penalties, will be talked about "forever".
Cyriel Dessers has been maligned by Rangers fans but his numbers stand up with the best the club have had in last two decades.
Manchester United scraped into the FA Cup final on penalties despite throwing away a three-goal lead against Championship side Coventry in an epic semi-final at Wembley.
And, Laura reveals her latest election date tip-off
Five domestic abuse charities sign an open letter to a council saying inaction "could cost lives".
Robin Swann previously said he would stay on as health minister while running to become an MP.
Scottish Greens co-leader Patrick Harvie hopes party members will vote to maintain a power-sharing deal with the SNP.
Lloyd Martin's London Marathon run makes him the youngest in his disability category to finish one.
After a late-night parliamentary sitting, the plan to send some asylum seekers to the East African country is set to become law.
The Rwanda bill has finally been approved - but planes won't be taking off any time soon.
The presenter has been off air for months after reports he paid a young person for explicit photos.
Christopher Berry, 32, and Christopher Cash, 29, will appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Friday.
An independent police force will review the case, after Stephen's mother called for it to be reopened.
Lenders respond over views the Bank of England may not cut interest rates as soon as previously thought.
A south London pub named on Taylor Swift's new album describes the reaction as "crazy".
BBC Panorama finds the technology behind England’s smart motorways stops working on a regular basis.
But the defence says the former president committed no crimes and calls star witness an admitted liar.
Maj Gen Aharon Haliva is the first leader to quit for failing to prevent the 7 October attack.
The actress says she's "sad to be saying cheerio" to the show, which will end after 14 series.
A weak pound and hopes of easing tensions in the Middle East drive up the UK's top stock index.
Train drivers will stage walks-out between 7 and 9 May while overtime bans will disrupt services.
Rwanda is gearing up to welcome deported asylum seekers once the landmark UK bill is passed.
Palestinian girl Sabreen is alive following her incredible birth in the wake of an Israeli strike.
Powerful synthetic drugs linked to dozens of deaths are being sent to the UK from China, BBC finds.
A campaign to stop the abuse of female runners in Bradford has revealed some of the harassment they face.
They include a judge and prosecutors who have previously tangled with Mr Trump, an all-in defence team and several curious witnesses.
With the week ahead looking chilly for all of us, when can we expect a turn to something more spring-like?
Thieves have made off with £134,000 worth of Kinder Bueno chocolate in an early morning raid. 
The local military says that digital TV has been cut off in the surrounding area.
The feature, which pays users to go on TikTok, could be temporarily suspended as early as Thursday.
Queen Camilla presents five medals to serving and retired Royal Lancers at a ceremony in Yorkshire.
Comedian Peter Kay had been due to officially open the Co-op Live venue, in Manchester, this week.
The London Marathon has set a new record for the biggest one-day fundraising event, organisers say.
But the prime minister says Sir Mark Rowley still needs to rebuild the trust of the Jewish community.
Erik ten Hag's time as Manchester United manager is reaching an end and there is "no coming back", says Chris Sutton. 
Nottingham Forest have asked the Professional Game Match Officials Board to release audio from three key incidents in their Premier League defeat at Everton.
Inter Milan seal their 20th Italian title by beating arch-rivals and nearest challengers AC Milan in a historic Derby della Madonnina.
World number one Nelly Korda wins the Chevron Championship and matches the LPGA record for successive victories.
Four-time world champion Mark Selby says he will consider his future in snooker after losing 10-6 in the first round against Crucible debutant Joe O’Connor.
This round of the regions most dangerous rivalry appears to be over, for now
A pathologist tells a trial Genevieve Meehan's sleeping arrangements were "responsible for her death".
The bill will quash convictions brought about by the scandal, with those affected offered £600k.
John-Paul McLaughlan admitted killing Stacey Warnock at their home in Airdrie in December 2022.
A £1m brain tumour research hub will be set up in Wales.
The PM says billions of extra spending will put the UK's defence industry on a "war footing".
The BBC’s Andrew Harding witnessed a vessel leave the French coast in which five people later died.
The National Audit Office says a £35m pilot to test the expansion of free childcare in a few areas was cancelled. 
The Conservatives first promised to end landlords' ability to evict tenants with no reason in 2019.
Former National Enquirer publisher David Pecker testified about relationship with Trump and Cohen for hours.
Big names and rising stars win at a new ceremony celebrating music from the north of England.
There were more than 12,000 UK deaths in the past decade, many of them needless, a charity warns.
Emma Webber has urged the author of a graphic post in a police Whatsapp group to contact her.
A decision to use "less emotive" words for problems with Horizon is called "Orwellian", inquiry hears.
The King awards historic honours to senior royals, in a year that has seen pressures of ill health.
As gang violence continues to rage, two-thirds of children are now in need of aid, the UN warns.
Johnny Timpson says the government is failing to protect vulnerable people by not intervening earlier.
Palestinian officials say more than 300 bodies have been found at Nasser and al-Shifa hospitals.
The UK government has passed new legislation to let it send some asylum seekers to Rwanda.
The Rwanda bill has finally been approved - but planes won't be taking off imminently.
Ministers believe the novel deportation scheme is worth a try, but Labour plans to get rid of it.
Rwanda is gearing up to welcome deported asylum seekers now the landmark UK bill has passed.
Rishi Sunak's defence spending pledge and the deaths of people on a migrant boat lead the papers.
The prison service did not directly address reports 13 prisoners had died since last October.
Abubakar Salim set up his own studio to tell a personal tale of grief inspired by his Kenyan heritage.
At Ocado's newest warehouse robotic arms are helping to pack customer orders.
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
Beijing's increasing influence has led to speculation that Hong Kong's days of an independent football scene are numbered. 
Tom Gilbey sampled 25 wines in a blind taste test challenge correctly identifying 21.
Six people are arrested following the event in central London.
Air traffic control boss says last summer's outage would have been worse if staff had not worked remotely.
Rising oil prices have lifted the cost of filling up but it may prove short-term, claim experts.
This year's UK Eurovision entrant will make a surprise visit to Walford next month.
The Met officers say they gave chase after a man tried to steal items from a restaurant in Barcelona.
A DNA test was carried out because Gen-chan did not display typical male hippo behaviour.
Kai Havertz could be the man to deliver Arsenal the Premier League title after starring against Chelsea, writes Phil McNulty.
Mauricio Pochettino says his Chelsea side "gave up" during their damaging 5-0 defeat by Arsenal  at Emirates stadium.
Leicester are on the brink of promotion to the Premier League after ruthlessly ending Southampton's realistic top-two chances.
Harriet Dart joins fellow Britons Emma Raducanu and Katie Boulter in the main draw of the Madrid Open. 
Seven-time world champion Ronnie O’Sullivan does not think he is the greatest snooker player of all time, even as he bids for a record eighth Crucible title.
Jamal Murray scores at the buzzer as defending champions Denver Nuggets beat the Los Angeles Lakers 101-99 to take a 2-0 lead in their NBA play-offs first-round series.
And, Huw Edwards resigns from the BBC on medical advice
A rare Dumbo octopus is spotted deep in the Pacific Ocean.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
Shropshire's chief fire officer Simon Hardiman and his deputy Adam Matthews are being investigated.
Sir Jeffrey Donaldson is expected to appear in person at Newry Magistrates' Court later on Wednesday.
Police Scotland confirm two people were on board when the crash happened near Prestwick Airport.
A review has begun into historical child sex abuse claims on Caldey Island.
A teenage girl has been arrested after two teachers and a pupil were stabbed in Ammanford, south-west Wales.
Video shows five Army horses running loose through the city, colliding with vehicles and causing havoc.
Missiles delivered this month have been used to strike Russian targets in Crimea, US media say.
Pedro Sánchez says he will "stop and reflect" on whether to remain in the job.
The party says it offers the "biggest overhaul in a generation" but ministers brand it "pointless".
The government says the judgements are useful for parents, after MPs called for them to be scrapped.
Full details of the 2024 season have been announced, with one of the most diverse line-ups in years.
The chancellor says cutting services will cost "a great deal less" than allowing Russia to succeed in Ukraine.
The memorial will end decades of feeling “swept under the rug", campaigners say.
The agenda-setting drama made a loss despite being the UK's most-watched TV show of the year so far.
The men were arrested on suspicion of facilitating illegal immigration and of entering the UK illegally, police said.
The former Post Office boss was against stopping postmaster prosecutions in 2013, former top lawyer says.
While the Speaker visited Columbia, police confronted Pro-Palestinian protesters at campuses in Texas and California.
Labour's election promise on the train network and a "horrific" Wales stabbing feature in the papers.
Director Paola Cortellesi on the cry for change in Italy's chart-topping There's Still Tomorrow.
Indian Premier League batters are fearlessly unleashing big shots, every match a six-hitting spectacle.
Prospective migrants trying to reach the UK from France say smuggling operations are continuing after Tuesday's tragedy.
The reported strikes have been geolocated to the Smolensk region of western Russia.
In this war, it is a huge challenge to find out how people whose bodies were exhumed at Nasser hospital died.
Newman College in Oldham is one of many schools struggling with the legacy of the pandemic.
UK businesses using TikTok say they could see a significant drop in sales if the app is banned in the US. 
Nine-year-old Cooper went viral after winning a European championship with his uncanny impression of a seagull.
Mystery surrounds the unfinished Portrait of Fraulein Lieser, which was believed lost for 100 years.
The app faces being banned or sold in the US because of national security concerns.
The president says weapons and equipment will be sent to Kyiv "in the next few hours", after approval from Congress.
Emma Webber said she had been denied "repeated requests" to address the members of the messaging group "privately and anonymously", and so instead wrote an open letter.
It was the third attempt to take up repealing the near-total ban, which was recently resurrected by a state court.
Everton ended a cycle of icy misery by applying the final blow to Liverpool's Premier League title hopes, writes Phil McNulty.
Liverpool captain Virgil van Dijk questions his side's desire to win the Premier League after a damaging defeat against Merseyside rivals Everton.
Manchester United have to come from behind twice to beat bottom-of-the-table Sheffield United at Old Trafford.
Ronnie O'Sullivan makes a fine start to his bid to win a record-breaking eighth world title as he dominates against Welsh qualifier Jackson Page.
British pair Emma Raducanu and Harriet Dart lose in straight sets in the first round of the Madrid Open.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his side were "just not good enough" in their 2-0 Premier League defeat to Merseyside rivals Everton at Goodison Park.
Biden signs bill into law that could block TikTok in the States
A rare Dumbo octopus is spotted deep in the Pacific Ocean.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
The horses, one bleeding heavily, caused chaos in central London as they collided with traffic.
The ex-DUP leader faces 11 charges and his wife faces four charges connected with aiding and abetting.
Bishop Anne Dyer, who was suspended in 2022 over allegations of bullying, denies the new claims.
A teenage girl has been arrested after two teachers and a pupil were stabbed.
A girl has been charged with three counts of attempted murder after the stabbings at a Welsh school.
The first minister is fighting for his political career and his best chance may be a figure from his party's past.
Protests against the Gaza war have erupted in dozens of US campuses, and there have been hundreds of arrests.
Steve Young is part of the tests to see if an mRNA jab can stop the deadliest skin cancer returning.
Gary Roden quits days after he was criticised for telling BBC some grassroots music venues are "poorly run".
Five women have told the BBC about Judge Philip Lancaster's behaviour at employment tribunal hearings.
Political leaders fight for headlines ahead of local elections, leading to rumours of a general election.
Victims group describes the New York appeal court's decision to retry Hollywood mogul as "profoundly unjust".
The justices discussed immunity, coups, pardons, Operation Mongoose - and the future of democracy.
A first-of-its-kind study shows conservation is worth investing in, researchers say.
Manchester City move to within one point of Premier League leaders Arsenal by thrashing Brighton 4-0 at Amex Stadium.
The Question Time audience were surprised when Chris Philp answered an audience member's question about DR Congo.
A tough spot for Scotland's first minister and trials of a cancer vaccine are among the lead stories.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The pop group look back on 40 years of chart success, and discuss their 15th album, Nonetheless.
Less than 1% of Japan's top companies are led by women despite years of efforts to address the issue.
Extreme weather is becoming more frequent and more intense in many places because of climate change.
How likely is the first minister to be ousted by a vote of confidence in the Scottish Parliament?
Steam is still needed in many industries, but much of it is still made with fossil fuels.
Former magazine publisher David Pecker detailed how he helped bury stories for Trump, who he called “the boss”.
The HMS Diamond was deployed in the Gulf of Aden when its crew used her Sea Viper missile system.
Angela van den Bogerd says she was not trying to "suppress" Horizon remote access.
Mrs Justice Collins Rice says the actor's comments were "gross, groundless and indefensible".
From Thursday visitors making a trip to the famous city at peak times will be charged a trial entrance fee.
The journalist's family are urging the government to craft a plan to ensure earlier diagnosis of cancer.
Two horses are in a "serious condition" after they bolted through central London on Wednesday.
The manner of Manchester City’s demolition of Brighton sounds an ominous note for anyone wishing to wrestle away their crown, writes Phil McNulty.
Arne Slot confirms that he is interested in becoming Liverpool's manager after Jurgen Klopp leaves at the end of the season.
Red Bull design chief Adrian Newey is to leave the team in the wake of the controversy involving allegations about team principal Christian Horner.
Manchester United fan Luke Littler is booed by the crowd in Liverpool but beats Rob Cross to win Premier League Darts night 13.
Manchester City move to within one point of Premier League leaders Arsenal by thrashing Brighton 4-0 at Amex Stadium.
Police have been called into several universities across the US.
Labour announce plans to renationalise nearly all passenger rail services
Moroccan asylum seeker Ahmed Alid told police he stabbed two men in protest at the Gaza conflict.
Jonathan Creswell, who was on trial for the murder of Katie Simpson, was found dead earlier this week.
The first minister is fighting for his political career and his best chance may be a figure from his party's past.
A girl has been charged with three counts of attempted murder after the stabbings at a Welsh school.
King Charles is returning to public events after making encouraging progress in his cancer treatment.
The future of Scotland's first minister is far from secure after a week of turmoil.
The Yemeni rebel group says its latest attack targeted the Andromeda Star.
The BBC's Nada Tawfik on what the court heard from close Donald Trump allies, including his former assistant.
The 64-year-old was 10 metres off the shore when he was attacked by a bull shark, a local official says.
The Horizon scandal inquiry reveals details of the biggest miscarriage of justice in UK legal history.
While the moon doesn't look particularly pink, it's named after pink flowers called wild ground phlox.
Emma chose the name change because Emily Stone - her real name - was taken by another actor.
Fiona Beal sent messages to Nicholas Billingham's friends using his mobile phone, a trial hears.
David Wails, Joe Ritchie-Bennett and James Furlong were stabbed to death in Reading in 2020.
Liverpool agree a £9.4m deal with Feyenoord to allow Arne Slot to become the new Reds manager, succeeding Jurgen Klopp.
Mr Khan says he is "sorry for any hurt" caused over remarks he made in a recent interview.
The US Secretary of State was speaking to the BBC at the end of a three-day trip to China.
The star's latest album tops the UK charts after a week in which she clocked up a number of firsts.
The orphaned calf swam from British Columbia after several rescue attempts by a First Nations community.
The King's return to public duties, a report on the lack of teachers in schools, and chicken 'megafarms' lead the papers.
The King's medical team are "sufficiently pleased" with his progress after he was diagnosed with cancer in February.
The Alba Party MSP could play a crucial role in whether Humza Yousaf continues as first minister.
What started a week ago at Columbia University has led to hundreds of arrests at multiple college campuses.
Tarana Burke says the overturning of Harvey Weinstein's 2020 conviction in New York is not a blow to MeToo.
The group of veterans gathered at the Union Jack club in Waterloo with pupils from London schools.
Joan Donoghue speaks to BBC Hardtalk about the case brought by South Africa to the ICJ over alleged violations of the Genocide Convention by Israel.
Teachers Fiona Elias, Liz Hopkin and a pupil were injured at Ysgol Dyffryn Aman in Ammanford.
US President says he is "happy" to face rival who claims he is ready "anytime, anywhere, anyplace".
The comedian's appearances at Manchester's troubled Co-op Live venue are postponed for a second time.
The retail group hopes giving candidates sight of questions will make process fairer.
Two military horses were seriously injured and "continue to be closely observed" the Army says.
It's hoped giant device will be able to print homes, bridges, boats and wind turbines.
Walter Nixon was 20 when he served on the frontline at the Battle of Anzio in Italy in 1944.
Leicester City are promoted back to the Premier League after Leeds United are beaten at Queens Parks Rangers.
Liverpool agree a £9.4m deal with Feyenoord to allow Arne Slot to become the new Reds manager, succeeding Jurgen Klopp.
England face France in Bordeaux on Saturday in a third Women's Six Nations Grand Slam decider in a row.
Jonny Bairstow's astonishing 108 from 48 balls leads Punjab Kings to the highest-ever successful T20 run-chase.
Saracens move into second in the Premiership with a 15-12 victory over Bath.
Robert Milkins throws his cue to the ground in disgust after missing a red during his World Snooker Championship second-round match against David Gilbert.
Humza Yousaf says he won’t resign ahead of a confidence vote
What Parisians think about the event and the legacy it could leave
A Cumbrian MP's office is plastered in posters by Just Stop Oil protesters, leading to arrests.
Katie Simpson, 21, died in Altnagelvin Hospital following an incident in Lettershandoney in August 2020.
The future of Scotland's first minister is far from secure after a week of turmoil.
The UK's largest cider blames a drop in demand on its decision to uproot thousands of trees.
The doctor told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg he could no longer look NHS colleagues and patients in the eye and stay as a Conservative.
Keith Siegel and Omri Miran are shown in undated footage released by the armed wing of Hamas.
Alex Salmond is said to want a deal to maximise pro-independence MPs and MSPs in return for support in a no confidence vote.
The two megastars have both ditched singles for their latest releases - will others follow their lead?
Those flouting the sweeping new morality rules could be jailed for up to 15 years.
Olwen Collier died from head injuries after falling into the cellar of the Stag and Pheasant in Carmel, south Wales.
What was supposed to be a triumphant opening week for Manchester's Co-op Live has become a debacle.
A report says two high incomes are increasingly needed to afford a mortgage, leaving millions stuck.
An IT glitch leaves the cabin crew expecting to welcome a baby on board rather than a centenarian. 
The original owner of the watch, businessman John Jacob Astor, 47, went down with the ship in 1912.
Political and military leaders are still absorbing the extraordinary exchange of fire, writes James Landale.
England sealed a third consecutive Six Nations Grand Slam and sixth straight title with a clinical victory over 14-player France in Bordeaux.
Taoiseach asks justice minister to bring forward legislation so asylum seekers can be returned to the UK.
Suffolk MP Dan Poulter's switch to Labour and a pledge from Keir Starmer on pensions lead the papers.
Six arrests in quick succession show Germany is being targeted by spies but also that it is fighting back.
The Responder star on how the police drama shows them as "human beings rather than cardboard cutouts".
Awaab's Law, which will force landlords to fix hazards, will only apply to the social rented sector.
The entertainer aims to spread the joy of helping vulnerable children to a wider audience.
A rebel group that took a key town lost it to the junta two weeks later. But there's more to the story.
South London team Unity Allstars Black compete for the "three-peat" in Florida's cheerleading
This "OMG" moment for Humza Yousaf is latest in a long line of nasty surprises for a party that has been in decline.
Caroline Mitchell said the "cultural expectation" to have children has often made her feel excluded.
The university president's decision to bring in the NYPD lit a wildfire of protest over the Gaza war.
Buckingham Palace has broken the long silence over the King's health with some positive messages.
The UK's largest cider maker blames a drop in demand on its decision to uproot thousands of trees.
Moran Yanai was threatened with death and moved from place to place during her ordeal.
The Biden ally says outrage about the situation in Gaza is justified but protesters should condemn Hamas too.
Residents are fed up with visitors dropping rubbish and parking illegally as they seek the perfect photo.
Dr Tijion Esho is struck off after admitting an improper emotional relationship with a patient.
The lost Lego piece was one of millions which fell off a cargo ship and into the sea in 1997.
The man went near the animal on an ice floe near the world's northernmost settlement in Svalbard.
Sony’s 2006 “Paint” advert is widely considered one of the most ambitious in history - but how was it made?
The abuse suffered by eight girls in West Yorkshire has been described as "abhorrent in the extreme".
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes says Kadeisha Buchanan's sending-off against Barcelona was the "worst decision in Champions League history".
With a fifth dominant victory in this year's Six Nations, England picked up another "well-deserved" Grand Slam but are determined to get better.
Burnley condemn tragedy chanting at Old Trafford
Axel Disasi has a stoppage-time goal disallowed but Chelsea come from two goals down to dent Aston Villa's top-four hopes at Villa Park.
Manager Chris Wilder admits the Premier League “has been too powerful” for relegated Sheffield United this season, but says supporters can “trust him” to stay at the club.
The BBC learns that UK forces may be used to deliver aid
Durham Police say they are treating the incident as unexpected and enquiries are ongoing.
A 58-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after an incident on Friday morning.
Alex Salmond is said to want a deal to maximise pro-independence MPs and MSPs in return for support in a no confidence vote.
Olwen Collier died from head injuries after falling into the cellar of the Stag and Pheasant in Carmel, south Wales.
Ministers say asylum seekers are crossing the border to avoid the UK's scheme that will see some people sent to Rwanda.
BBC Arabic‘s Adnan El-Bursh covered the conflict as he and his family were displaced multiple times.
Peter Smith's wife has thanked friends who fought the shark during the attack on Tobago's coast.
Since Narendra Modi's BJP took power in 2014, India's 200 million Muslims have faced turmoil.
Chris Philp denies Tories are deprioritising the NHS, after Dan Poulter says "patients deserve better".
Police have identified the victim as a man is his 60s from Salford after remains were found in a nature reserve.
Nicole Kidman says it has been a privilege to play unconventional women as she picks up a prestigious prize.
Speakers, fitness trackers and other internet-connected devices sold in the UK now have to meet new requirements.
Disability payments that help with extra living costs could be scrapped in favour of more tailored support as the government looks at overhauling the benefits system
Proposals include disabilities. 

Oleksandr Syrskyi says Ukrainian forces have withdrawn from positions in eastern Donetsk.
The Alba leader demands the SNP focus on independence rather than "divisive" identity politics.
The Home Office says it is in final phase of implementing the policy, with reports detentions will begin on Monday.
Mahmoud Abbas says any attack on city could see large numbers of Palestinians flee Gaza entirely.
The aid organisation had stopped distributing food in Gaza after an Israeli strike killed seven workers.
Dr Sam Attar found himself having to decide who could be saved, and who was beyond hope.
Use our lookup to see if there is an election in your area and who you can vote for on 2 May
Despite Sierra Leone declaring sexual violence a national emergency, perpetrators are rarely punished.
A report says two high incomes are increasingly needed to afford a mortgage, leaving millions stuck.
Political and military leaders are still absorbing the extraordinary exchange of fire, writes James Landale.
Olwen Collier died from head injuries after falling into the cellar of a pub in south Wales.
What was supposed to be a triumphant opening week for Manchester's Co-op Live has become a debacle.
An IT glitch leaves the cabin crew expecting to welcome a baby on board rather than a centenarian. 
Devon and Cornwall Police say they suspect heroin has been combined with another substance.
A tornado that hit China's Guangdong province killed five people and left dozens injured.
Prime Minister Anthony Albanese said the issue was a national crisis.
The party says a "return to the family doctor" would help avoid hospital appointments and save the NHS money.
A rebel group that took a key town lost it to the junta two weeks later. But there's more to the story.
A three-decade career in journalism culminated in him breaking the news of the Good Friday Agreement.
Arsenal survive painful flashbacks of giving up handsome leads last season to maintain their Premier League title push at Tottenham, writes Phil McNulty.
Manchester City striker Erling Haaland said it was "good to be back" after scoring to help his side to victory against Nottingham Forest.
Seven-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan makes a strong start to his last-16 match against Wales' Ryan Day.
Stuart Hogg says he has "reset" at a rehabilitation clinic after being arrested and charged last month.
Saracens produced a clinical second-half performance to win the Allianz Cup with a 31-17 victory over Bristol Bears at Shaftsbury Park.
Dr Dan Poulter MP quits the Tories & joins Labour
Devon and Cornwall Police say they suspect heroin has been combined with another substance.
A three-decade career in journalism culminated in him breaking the news of the Good Friday Agreement.
The Alba leader demands the SNP focus on independence rather than "divisive" identity politics.
A "snapshot" survey by Wales' children's commissioner found many children wanted more food at lunch.
Humza Yousaf says he decided to quit after a weekend reflecting on what was best for the government, the SNP and for Scotland.
Revolutionary Guards' papers passed to the BBC give chilling details of Nika Shakarami’s last movements.
The secretary of state calls Israel's latest offer for a hostage release "extraordinarily generous".
The King will visit a cancer treatment centre in a symbolic return to public events.
Four people are killed in an attack on a private university in the Ukrainian port city of Odesa.
The second-hand fashion marketplace is the first of the new "pre-loved" clothing platforms to make a profit.
Nationwide, Santander and NatWest will increase their rates on home loans amid uncertainty in the sector.
French actor Gérard Depardieu will appear in court in October, prosecutors say.
This summer's clash between YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul and former world champion Mike Tyson is officially sanctioned as a professional fight.
Heavyweight boxer Francis Ngannou's 15-month-old son passes away.
The social media star snatched the £1,000 device from a woman as he rode past her, a court hears.
Two soldiers and two horses are still recovering from the events of last week.
Look back on a turbulent time in Scottish politics which concluded with the first minister quitting his job.
The first minister says he intends to remain in the role until a new SNP leader is selected.
A profile of Humza Yousaf, who has announced his resignation as SNP leader and Scottish first minister.
SNP leader Humza Yousaf says he will "pass the baton" on to his successor in his resignation speech.
Tuesday's front pages are dominated by Humza Yousaf's announcement of his intention to quit.
Voters in parts of England will elect councillors, mayors and police commissioners in May.
The Irish government claims over 80% of asylum seekers have crossed the border from Northern Ireland.
Protest groups on more than 20 campuses are all aiming at the same target - university investments.
The infections, made public by the CDC, raised questions about the safety of cosmetic treatments.
Since Narendra Modi's BJP took power in 2014, India's 200 million Muslims have faced turmoil.
Despite Sierra Leone declaring sexual violence a national emergency, perpetrators are rarely punished.
The Duchess of Edinburgh shows support for Ukrainian families who have suffered in Russia's invasion.
PC Jonathan Marsh used "gratuitous violence" when he responded to a report of crime in east London.
MP Emma Hardy is appealing for banks to refund those who took out policies from a Hull funeral firm.
The call from Ukraine's leader comes as Russia intensifies its offensive in the east.
Sanam Harrinanan and Kai Fagan won the 2023 series of the ITV reality dating show.
The National Crime Agency says young boys are increasingly being targeted by gangs.
Ernest Moret was stopped and questioned by counter-terror police at St Pancras station.
Manchester United are willing to listen to offers for virtually all their first-team squad this summer.
Heavyweight boxer Francis Ngannou's 15-month-old son passes away.
Mohamed Salah was "out of order" for arguing with Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp on the touchline at West Ham, says Chris Sutton.
Daria Kasatkina, one of the few openly gay players on the WTA Tour, says she has been “given guarantees” about her safety should she compete in Saudi Arabia.
Rafael Nadal reaches the last 16 of the Madrid Open after a hard-fought victory over Argentina's Pedro Cachin.
The SNP leader was facing two votes of no confidence later this week
What Parisians think about the event and the legacy it could leave
As rail fares rise on Sunday, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
Train drivers are staging strikes and an overtime ban around the May Bank Holiday.
UK renters have seen increases of 10% and two million are behind or struggling to pay.
Two soldiers and two horses are still recovering from the events of last week.
Annette McGavigan, 14, and William McGreanery, 41, were shot dead by the Army in Londonderry.
The search begins for a new first minister of Scotland following Humza Yousaf's decision to leave the role.
Colin Richards, who was found unconscious and bleeding from a stab wound, was a much loved father. 
The teenager died after a man armed with a sword went on the rampage in Hainault.
How panic and violence erupted during the morning rush hour in a residential area of north-east London.
The asylum seeker received £3,000 and went under a scheme separate to the forced returns scheme.
Two charged with causing criminal damage to the famous Sycamore Gap tree and Hadrian's Wall.
The King is marking his return to public events with a symbolic trip to a cancer centre in London.
A final compensation scheme could be running by the year's end after ministers agree to a Labour-led demand.
Revolutionary Guards' papers passed to the BBC give chilling details of Nika Shakarami’s last movements.
Scientists make a self-destructing plastic using plastic-eating bacteria in a sci-fi like development.
A gang of scammers stole almost a million euros pretending to be relatives in distress, police say.
A lawyer testified about a deal to pay for Ms Daniels' silence about allegedly having sex with Mr Trump.
The Israeli prime minister says the invasion will proceed "with or without" a truce with Hamas.
Military personnel have been selling weapons to arms traders, says President Gustavo Petro.
Monty Panesar is among hundreds of MP candidates being lined up by the Workers Party of Britain.
Voters in parts of England will elect councillors, mayors and police commissioners in May.
People need to show photo ID at polling stations when voting in the local elections on 2 May.
Where might the main political parties make gains and losses in the local elections on 2 May?
The polls are the last big test of the Westminster government's popularity before the next election.
Wednesday's front pages are dominated by the attacks in Hainault, north-east London.
Watch the key developments of the day in Hainault, which led to the death of a 14-year-old boy.
Hundreds of people who would be affected by changes to disability benefits have contacted BBC News.
Whoever follows Humza Yousaf, who is standing down as Scotland's first minister, inherits formidable challenges.
Refugees classed as homeless quadrupled, as the government worked to clear the asylum backlog.
The rules on everything from dogs, children, ID and selfies to voting while drunk.
And, US student protests escalate over Gaza
It follows Irish government concerns that the UK's Rwanda policy is fuelling Irish asylum cases.
The jury in the manslaughter trial of Constance Marten and Mark Gordon was sent out on Tuesday.
McCardie recently starred in BBC drama Time, and was to appear in Outlander prequel Blood of My Blood.
The BBC’s Jonathan Head witnessed a confrontation in the disputed South China Sea.
The BBC has obtained confidential material revealing appalling abuse and neglect affecting 39 pupils.
Businessman Babak Zanjani was convicted in 2016 of pocketing billions from Iran's oil ministry.
Nicaragua accused Germany of breaching the UN genocide convention by sending military hardware to Israel.
Pro-Palestine groups are occupying Hamilton Hall after defying a deadline to take down an encampment.
Harry Kane just can't stop scoring - now all he needs is a first career major trophy. Could the Champions League deliver?
Rafael Nadal says it has been an "emotional week" after he played his final match at the Madrid Open.
It is 30 years since the death of Ayrton Senna. Sid Watkins, the man who tried to save him, was a close friend who led two safety revolutions within Formula 1.
Ronnie O’Sullivan cuts a frustrated figure despite coming from 3-1 down to end the opening session of his World Championship quarter-final level at 4-4 with Stuart Bingham.
Vinicius Junior scores twice as Real Madrid come away with a draw in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final tie with Bayern Munich.
And, US student protests escalate over Gaza
Conscription and military spending are back on the agenda
Many homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
Experts give advice for those who might be worried about their monthly mortgage payments.
If you face disruption because flights are cancelled or delayed, then what can you do?
Two charged with causing criminal damage to the famous Sycamore Gap tree and Hadrian's Wall.
Sean Slane's father was murdered by the UDA in west Belfast in 1988 but a new inquest never went ahead.
A Labour motion which could see all ministers compelled to resign if it passes will be voted on at Holyrood.
Adults with disabilities describe traumatic experiences trying to access healthcare.
The star is "bummed" to be the latest act to fall foul of problems at Manchester's troubled new arena.
Schoolboy Daniel Anjorin died from his injuries following the attack in Hainault on Tuesday morning.
The MSP is expected to announce his decision at a press conference in Edinburgh on Thursday morning.
State troopers are moving in on protesters in Dallas, Texas, as campus demonstrations continue across the US.
The exhibition was on display in Moscow's Victory Park, it included British hardware given to Ukraine.
Scientists build a 3D model of one of our evolutionary cousins from the pieces of a shattered skull.
Voters are to cast their ballots for local councillors, mayors and police and crime commissioners.
Vincent Kearney believes the PSNI may have tried to identify his sources for a Spotlight programme.
Gordon Brown believes his phone may have been hacked while he was PM and is considering legal action.
Two Republicans join Democrats to repeal law brought back to life by state's supreme court.
The government argues the act, passed last week, does not breach the law or the civil service code.
They claim age and sex discrimination and say they were paid less than a male peer, which the BBC denies.
Users have been reporting unexpected lie-ins after the alarms on their phones failed to go off.
Use our lookup to see if there is an election in your area and who you can vote for on 2 May
Voters in parts of England will elect councillors, mayors and police commissioners in May.
The rules on everything from dogs, children, ID and selfies to voting while drunk.
The star talks about her Glastonbury plans, the perfect date and the teacher who changed her life.
Ahmed Alhashimi spoke to the BBC after daughter Sara died when the family tried to make it to the UK in a small boat last week.
Residents who fled from the border can only watch as their homes are turned into craters.
The BBC witnesses a standoff in the South China Sea between the Philippine and Chinese coast guards.
The two Hollywood stars have teamed up for a new film, The Fall Guy, based on the 1980s hit TV show.
Hundreds have been arrested as colleges struggle to deal with encampments, days before graduation.
Some 400 million voters can take part in the 6-9 June vote across the EU's 27 countries.
Former Wimbledon champion Boris Becker is discharged from bankruptcy by a UK High Court judge.
Details are still emerging about the serious incident in north-east London on Tuesday morning.
Lidiia Lomikovska describes how she made the journey in her slippers with a plank of wood for support.
Darren Reitz says his "wrist is still hurting" from reeling in the "monster" catfish, which has been nicknamed "Scar".
Hamas has not yet responded to the latest proposal, which reportedly includes a 40-day ceasefire.
Police say a man died and another was seriously injured following reports of a burglary.
The number of BBC World Service journalists working in exile is estimated to have doubled since 2020.
Seven-time champion Ronnie O’Sullivan and Judd Trump both suffer shock defeats in the quarter-finals of the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
Man Utd loanee Jadon Sancho was described as "rejuvenated" as Borussia Dortmund beat PSG in Champions League semi-final first leg.
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes believes the race for the Women's Super League title is "done" after her side were beaten 4-3 at Liverpool on Wednesday.
Five-time Olympic champion Sir Steve Redgrave has warned paying prize money to athletics gold medallists at Paris 2024 will divide athletes.
Russian seventh seed Andrey Rublev ends Carlos Alcaraz's dominance at the Madrid Open with a 4-6 6-3 6-2 win.
Ireland's women make it through to the semi-finals of the Twenty20 World Cup qualifying in Abu Dhabi by beating Vanuatu by nine wickets on Wednesday.
From record-breaking NFT sales to pizza purchases using Bitcoin: Nine key crypto moments.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
The star is "bummed" to be the latest act to fall foul of problems at Manchester's troubled new arena.
Vincent Kearney believes the PSNI may have tried to identify his sources for a Spotlight programme.
The MSP is expected to announce his decision at a press conference in Edinburgh on Thursday morning.
Landfill sites along the coast could be leaking waste onto beaches and into the sea, say scientists.
Transport Secretary Mark Harper says the local elections results could be difficult for the Conservatives.
The band have become the latest act to move from the troubled arena amid a raft of "technical issues".
Marcus Arduini Monzo is remanded in custody after being charged with murdering Daniel Anjorin, 14.
John Swinney is now expected to be the only candidate to succeed Humza Yousaf as SNP leader
It is the first time a creature in the wild has been seen using a medicinal plant to treat a wound.
Mike Bushell gets sprinting tips from Britain's fastest sprinter - Zharnel Hughes.
Officials said the measures would be in place until Israel allowed an "uninterrupted and sufficient flow" of aid.
Worcestershire announce the death of left-arm spin bowler Josh Baker at the age of 20.
Jerry Boylan sentenced to four years in prison for failing to prevent 2019 Labor Day tragedy.
For 700 years there has been a handwritten account of coronations, but there are some names missing.
Defence pursues a heated line of questioning with Stormy Daniels' ex-lawyer, who brokered hush-money deal.
Two women in their 20s and a child were injured during the incident at a Sheffield school.
Don Gilet's DI Melvin Wilson will make his debut in this year's Christmas special.
Protests over the transfer of asylum seekers to a Dorset barge are covered on Friday's front pages.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The film's pop group sound similar to One Direction, but the songwriter says that wasn't deliberate.
The President speaks as police clear camps
Scientists build a 3D model of one of our evolutionary cousins from the pieces of a shattered skull.
UN expert says death of 8-year-old appears to violate law after reviewing evidence gathered by BBC.
Police and protesters clash over a planned bus transfer of asylum seekers from Peckham to Dorset.
Their equal pay claims won't go to a tribunal, but claims including sex and age discrimination will.
Officers in riot gear arrested 209 people as they dismantled their weeklong pro-Palestinian protest.
Benjamin Netanyahu has called reports of possible International Criminal Court action "an outrage".
The body of Sian Batchelor, 32, was discovered by the sea in Pembroke Dock on Tuesday.
Investment bank becomes the first to bring in changes first announced by Kwasi Kwarteng in 2022
The man is being detained on suspicion of murder following the shooting, the BBC understands.
Ange Postecoglou says Tottenham lacked "belief and conviction" as their Champions League hopes were hit by defeat at Chelsea.
Aston Villa captain John McGinn says "everything that could have gone wrong did" after a chaotic Europa Conference League semi-final first-leg defeat to Olympiakos.
Worcestershire announce the death of left-arm spin bowler Josh Baker at the age of 20.
Teenager Luke Littler secures his place in the Premier League play-offs with a 6-4 win over Rob Cross in Aberdeen.
Stuart Bingham and Jak Jones are level at 4-4 after the opening session of their World Championship semi-final in Sheffield.
Amol & Nick take on Stephen Fry’s challenge & look at what the future of AI might entail.
John Swinney looks set to replace Humza Yousaf as Scotland’s First Minister
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Train drivers are staging strikes and an overtime ban around the May Bank Holiday.
Experts give advice for those who might be worried about their monthly mortgage payments.
Many homeowners are worried about higher mortgage costs, but lenders must help those struggling.
If you face disruption because flights are cancelled or delayed, then what can you do?
The band have become the latest act to move from the troubled arena amid a raft of "technical issues".
Jon Boutcher says the PSNI had received a 1,400 page Police Ombudsman report into the investigation.
John Swinney is now expected to be the only candidate to succeed Humza Yousaf as SNP leader
Head teachers urged to check emergency procedures are up to date after incident at comprehensive.
Labour wins a by-election and string of councils from the Tories, who retain the Tees Valley mayoralty.
Analysis of the first wave of results in the local elections 2024. 
Labour wins by-election and string of councils from the Tories, who retain the Tees Valley mayoralty.
The next UK general election has to be held by 28 January 2025, but could take place earlier.
Labour has discovered a knack of winning in the local elections where they need to win in a general election.
A woman who had to travel from Wales to England for an abortion says the experience was traumatic.
Israeli authorities said they were investigating the death of orthopaedic surgeon Dr Adnan Al-Bursh.
The actor says he may at times have behaved inappropriately but denies his behaviour was ever illegal.
With TikTok's future uncertain, Instagram is trying to get more viral content on its Reels feature.
Dozens of jobseekers tell the BBC about their worst-ever interview experiences.
Henry De Los Rios Polania sustained a deep wound to his hand during the attack on Tuesday.
Former senior Post Office solicitor Jarnail Singh denies knowing about Horizon bugs in 2010. 
It’s the first time a medieval animal has been identified as a host for the disease.
Hardeep Singh Nijjar was shot dead last June, sparking a diplomatic row between India and Canada.
Hope Hicks testifies she was "a little stunned" to hear his graphic remarks about women in a 2005 tape.
UK Foreign Secretary Lord Cameron says it is up to Ukraine to decide how to use British arms.
The ship is reversed to retrace its route after a crew member fails to turn up for work.
Saturday's papers focus on local election disappointment for the Tories.
Can Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt's new film get stunt performers the recognition they've been missing?
As the electric carmaker sees sales fall and cuts jobs, we take a closer look at its problems.
Insurance scheme urges gardeners to use planting to protect their homes from floods.
It's been warming up this week but could rain spoil your plans for the long weekend?
The Christmas special in 2019 left 17.1 million viewers on tenterhooks with a cliffhanger ending.
Expert suggested bug fix which would alter data without branch knowing, but told court that was impossible.
Experts say it does not make sense as research suggests petrol cars are much more likely to catch fire.
The actress will reveal the UK's scores during the competition's grand final in Sweden next week.
More than one thousand of the animals visited a city pier - the region's biggest spike in 15 years.
Many of Scotland's former council houses contain RAAC concrete but their owners are struggling to get help.
Elyakim Libman was a security guard at the Nova music festival when Hamas attacked on 7 October.
Officials say the measures will be in place until Israel allows an "uninterrupted and sufficient flow" of aid.
Derbyshire Police confirmed two further arrests were made in relation to the death of Marcus Smith.
Luton Town miss out on the chance to move out of the relegation zone as they are held by Everton in the Premier League.
Red Bull’s Max Verstappen beat Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc to take pole position for the sprint race at the Miami Grand Prix.
Dion Charles scores twice as Bolton earn a 3-1 lead against Barnsley in their League One play-off semi-final first leg.
England women name their squads for the two white-ball series against Pakistan, which begin later this month.
Kyren Wilson produces a clinical display of potting to open up a 14-10 lead over David Gilbert in their World Championship semi-final.
Sean Dyche says he is "amazed" his side were not given a penalty for a challenge on Dwight McNeil during Everton's draw against Luton.
Live coverage of the 2024 local, mayoral and police and crime commissioner elections.
'A rolling weekend of psephological fun' continues
Train drivers are staging strikes and an overtime ban around the May Bank Holiday.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Mikey Roynon was stabbed at a house party in Bath where he was celebrating a girl's 16th birthday.
Notes of Stormont's first Executive meeting after Bobby Storey funeral were requested seven times.
After days of turmoil – and months of challenging polls – SNP members will be hoping he is the man to steady the ship.
A woman who had to travel from Wales to England for an abortion says the experience was traumatic.
The party sees victory in London, Manchester and clinches a close win in the West Midlands mayor race.
Labour won with just over 1,500 votes more than the Tories in an incredibly close race.
Voters in England have taken to the polls in contests to elect new mayors across the country.
The Labour candidate clinched a third-successive term as mayor of London - but what next?
Analysis of results in the local elections 2024, including the London mayor and councils around England. 
The Labour candidate beat Conservative rival Susan Hall by more than 276,000 votes.
Tory MPs are in no mood to oust Rishi Sunak despite local results pointing to general election defeat.
Hamas said it was sending negotiators to talks in a "positive spirit" after studying the latest proposal.
Joe Biden is caught between students demanding peace, and Americans concerned the unrest is disrupting education.
Kivimaki rose through teen cyber gangs to become a Most Wanted criminal responsible for one of the most shocking hacks in history.
The parents of a 14-year-old boy killed on his way to school in London pay tribute to their son.
American rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie's concert was moved to the AO Arena at the last minute.
The number of Cubans recruited to fight in Ukraine is thought to be in the hundreds.
Historian and broadcaster Dr Jonathan Foyle gives his take on suggestions put forward by BBC website users.
The rappers make allegations of domestic violence and secret children as their feud intensifies.
Erling Haaland's first four-goal haul in the Premier League helps Manchester City hammer Wolves at Etihad Stadium.
Murs was due to support Take That at the Hydro in Glasgow but his flight from London was cancelled.
A row breaks out after Spain's transport minister suggests Argentina's president has taken drugs.
Bodies are found in the search for two missing Australian brothers and an American. 
Sunday's papers focus on Conservative losses in the mayoral elections.
A missile that crashed in Kharkiv shows the surprising scale at which Pyongyang's weapons are used.
Students tell the BBC why they're occupying their campus in protest against the war in Gaza.
From novelty numbers to gothic witchcraft and rave throwbacks, this year's Eurovision has it all.
A woman who had to travel from Wales to England for an abortion says the experience was traumatic.
A selection of striking images from our readers around the world.
Lord Of The Rings actors took staff by surprise when they called into Liverpool restaurant Belzan.
The 63-year-old was diagnosed with throat cancer last October, but has been given the all-clear.
The farmer was held on suspicion of murder and attempted murder after the shooting in Whaley Bridge.
A song praising Mr Kim has got TikTok hooked - but experts say it could be hiding something more sinister. 
Matt turns his barbecuing hobby into a low-risk, low-cost business from home. 
Officers in Sheffield say six of the animals were so unwell they had to be put to sleep.
Arsenal are left "praying" as Manchester City home in on a fourth successive Premier League title, writes Simon Stone.
Red Bull’s Max Verstappen beats Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc to pole position at the Miami Grand Prix.
Since dropping points against Arsenal in March both Erling Haaland and Manchester City have delivered the perfect response.
Kyren Wilson claims a comfortable 17-11 win over David Gilbert to reach his second World Championship final at the Crucible Theatre.
Labour win in the West Midlands.
Given higher costs, some students are wondering whether going to university makes financial sense.
The result, which followed a full recount in Coventry, will come as a huge blow to the Conservatives.
A woman in her early 20s dies after falling from the Cliffs of Moher in County Clare on Saturday.
After days of turmoil – and months of challenging polls – SNP members will be hoping he is the man to steady the ship.
Tabitha Richardson forced desperate victims into handing her thousands on top of illegal loans.
Mikey Roynon, 16, was killed with a zombie knife. The BBC speaks to those touched by his death.
A veteran activist had secured a nomination but agreed to back front-runner Swinney at the 11th hour.
Rejecting calls to change course, the PM says he can make "progress" with voters before a general election.
Israel has closed the Kerem Shalom crossing - one of few Gaza aid routes - after the rocket attack.
The actor, who plays King Théoden in Peter Jackson's trilogy, passed away early on Sunday morning.
A 140.5m (461ft)-long baguette baked in the Parisian suburbs has beaten a previous record from Italy in 2019.
Authorities believe three tourists were attacked as they were trying to fend off an attempted theft.
The network denies being a threat to security, and says Israel wants "to cover up its crimes".
Abi Jenkins, who cared for a friend with terminal cancer, said "normalising" death might help people.
Government spokesperson Yolande Maloko also feels Rwanda has been "attacked unjustly".
The man in his 20s was found with a nail through each hand in the early hours of Sunday morning.
McLaren’s Lando Norris beats Red Bull’s Max Verstappen with help from the safety car to take his maiden Formula 1 victory at the Miami Grand Prix.
The world's biggest song contest reaches its finale on Saturday and contestants have arrived in style.
Labour won with just over 1,500 votes more than the Tories in an incredibly close race.
The Labour candidate clinched a third-successive term as mayor of London - but what next?
The Labour candidate beat Conservative rival Susan Hall by more than 276,000 votes.
The party sees victory in London, Manchester and clinches a close win in the West Midlands mayor race.
Voters in England have taken to the polls in contests to elect new mayors across the country.
Analysis of results in the local elections 2024, including the London mayor and councils around England. 
Labour wins by-election and string of councils from the Tories, who retain the Tees Valley mayoralty.
The next UK general election has to be held by 28 January 2025, but could take place earlier.
Monday's papers focus on local election disappointment for the Tories.
Why the Nordic nation, despite its reputation for social equality, has so many billionaires.
In a tent yards from a cemetery, Rehab Abu Daqqa tries to shield her seven children from Rafah's horrors.
John Jennings may have inherited a gene from his mother that could trigger early-onset of the condition.
Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith on how they have experimented with their comedy anthology.
The cost of a new fixed mortgage has risen in recent days, defying many homeowners' hopes and expectations.
Lilian Seenoi-Barr says racist abuse has made her more determined to represent Derry and Strabane as mayor. 
Mourners gathered at Hainault Underground car park, metres away from where Daniel was killed.
The show at Rio de Janeiro's Copacabana beach was the final stop on the pop idol's Celebration Tour.
A woman and three other children manage to escape from the property in the early hours of Sunday.
Hollywood actor Will Ferrell is set to join the list of celebrity investors in Championship club Leeds United
The NHS needs more doctors so why have some medical students been left in limbo waiting for a job?
Coverage of Day 2 of the World Athletics Relays.
McLaren’s Lando Norris beats Red Bull’s Max Verstappen with help from the safety car to take his maiden Formula 1 victory at the Miami Grand Prix.
MOTD2 pundit Danny Murphy is impressed by Liverpool forward Mohamed Salah in Sunday's win over Tottenham, but says keeping him will not be the club's priority this summer.
Kyren Wilson holds an 11-6 lead as Jak Jones fights back on day one of the World Championship final at the Crucible Theatre.
Joe Root is leading calls from players to reduce the amount of domestic cricket and review a schedule that is “not fit for purpose”.
Watch highlights as Chelsea put eight goals past Bristol City, keeping their Women's Super League title hopes alive.
A woman and three other children manage to escape from the property in the early hours of Sunday.
The man in his 20s was found with a nail through each hand in the early hours of Sunday morning.
A veteran activist had secured a nomination but agreed to back front-runner Swinney at the 11th hour.
Wheelchair user Cat Dafydd was unable to secure more than two accessible tickets to the Cardiff gig.
Hamas said earlier it had approved a ceasefire proposal but Israel's Netanyahu says it is "far from meeting" demands.
Israel's working assumption was that Hamas would not accept a ceasefire proposal that the Americans called "exceptionally generous"
The details of serving Army, RAF and Navy personnel are involved, the BBC understands.
The celebrities are showing up for fashion's night of nights in New York City.
New research links algal blooming at England's largest lake with increased visitor numbers
Two Nasa astronauts are due to set off to the International Space Station in a new spacecraft in the early hours of Tuesday morning UK time.
Police established the man was not an officer, but failed to investigate the incident as a crime.
Boeing told US regulators it might not have properly inspected its 787 Dreamliner jets.
For the second time in his life, John Swinney is elected leader of the SNP in difficult circumstances.
Lord Peter Hain has asked the NI Secretary to extend the deadline for a victims payment scheme.
Russia will hold tactical nuclear weapons drills in response to recent comments by France and the UK, the Kremlin said.
The sergeant, who was held on 2 May, is accused of stealing from a woman, reports the BBC's partner CBS.
Tom Daley will compete at a fifth Olympics in Paris this summer after being confirmed in Team GB's diving team.
Lea Michelle, Zendaya and Gigi Hadid are among the stars walking the red carpet.
Tuesday's front pages are mostly dominated by ceasefire negotiations in the ongoing Israel-Gaza war.
The Olympic spotlight can inject money and new participants into a sport and the fight to get a place on the programme is as fierce as ever.
The BBC's Nada Tawfik runs through documents shown as evidence in court as Trump's criminal trial continues.
Ukraine is outgunned and outmanned by the Russian invaders, who are inching closer.
Peter Gray, from West Yorkshire, took out loans in the names of women he met on dating app Tinder.
Why the Nordic nation, despite its reputation for social equality, has so many billionaires.
The judge issues his most serious warning yet, calling the violations "a direct attack on the rule of law".
PM says the general election result is "not a foregone conclusion", despite "disappointing" local elections.
Her diagnosis 15 years ago prompted her to campaign for more awareness of breast cancer in the young.
The three tourists, from Australia and US, were trying to stop the assailants from taking their truck.
A 27-year-old man was arrested after the disturbance on Glasgow Road, Paisley, on Monday afternoon.
Cyber criminals stole thousands from Rathlin's Co-Op Shop, putting its future in doubt.
It's one year since King Charles and Queen Camilla were crowned in a lavish, historic ceremony.
An emotional Kyren Wilson claims his first world title with a nervy 18-14 victory over Jak Jones at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield.
Erik Ten Hag criticises his Manchester United side after they were thrashed 4-0 by Crystal Palace.
West Ham manager David Moyes will leave the club at the end of the season, when his contract expires.
Watch the best shots from the World Snooker Championship final as Kyren Wilson beat Jak Jones 18-14 at The Crucible Theatre, Sheffield.
The Olympic spotlight can inject money and new participants into a sport and the fight to get a place on the programme is as fierce as ever.
Crystal Palace seal their first league double over Manchester United with a rampant 4-0 win at Selhurst Park.
Tom Daley will compete at a fifth Olympics in Paris this summer after being confirmed in Team GB's diving team.
​​The results are in, and we look at what they really tell us.
How have the royals navigated the rocky months following the Coronation?
Train drivers are staging strikes after the May Bank Holiday, coinciding with a six-day overtime ban.
Given higher costs, some students are wondering whether going to university makes financial sense.
Mikey Roynon, 16, was killed with a zombie knife. The BBC speaks to those touched by his death.
Northern Ireland GPs have faced high indemnity fees which are paid by the NHS in other parts of the UK.
For the second time in his life, John Swinney is elected leader of the SNP in difficult circumstances.
Sir Bryn Terfel, Katherine Jenkins, Michael Sheen and Ruth Jones have all hit out at funding cuts.
Long queues build at airports affected by a Border Force "technical issue" at passport control.
Big tech companies will have to make changes to their algorithms to comply with new online safety laws.
The star witness recounted her alleged sexual encounter with the ex-president and faced testy questioning from his lawyers.
Some of the contest's most outlandish songs sail into the final, but there are tears for Australia.
He is also expected to form his government, with a "significant" role being promised to Kate Forbes.
The duke has arrived in the UK for an event which marks a decade of the Invictus Games.
Kate McDougall gave her son injections to treat his haemophilia which unknowingly led to his HIV infection.
Ahead of new rules coming in designed to better protect fraud victims, one woman tells of her fight to get her money back.
TikTok said the measure was an "extraordinary intrusion on free speech rights".
Jodie Comer starred in the award winning play about sexual assault and the legal system.
"The world has become a darker place for us," say the Australian parents of brothers Callum and Jake.
One father told the BBC his son has been texting him from under the rubble - but rescuers have not found him yet.
Noelia Voigt said she believed in making decisions "that feel best for you and your mental health".
Israel's offensive in Rafah and Prince Harry's UK trip are leading Wednesday's front pages.
Sell or be banned - TikTok's US operations, by some estimates, could fetch up to $100bn.
The Israeli PM is facing hard decisions following Hamas's surprise acceptance of a draft ceasefire deal.
He steps into the role with a Westminster election months away - and a drop in the SNP's ratings.
Two powerful Philippine political dynasties are sparring publicly and trading shocking allegations.
Russia's president is sworn in for another six years, with no checks and balances on his power.
Train drivers are staging strikes, coinciding with a six-day overtime ban.
Two Ukrainian security officials are held over a Russian plot to assassinate the president, Ukraine says.
Ferry group chief executive Peter Hebblethwaite earned more than £500,000 last year.
The details of serving Army, RAF and Navy personnel are involved, the BBC understands.
A woman was arrested on suspicion of neglecting a child to cause unnecessary injury, police say.
The former US president's federal trial in Florida is now unlikely to begin before the 2024 election.
A lyrical beef between the Canadian rapper and US rival Kendrick Lamar has exploded in recent days.
Boss Bob Iger says sequels are cheaper to make because they save on marketing costs.
Despite a disappointing domestic campaign, Borussia Dortmund are one game away from becoming European champions for the second time.
Scotland will face England at this autumn’s Women’s T20 World Cup as they lose against Sri Lanka in the final of the ICC qualifier.
Kylian Mbappe will have dreamed that his final Champions League act as a Paris St-Germain player would have been lifting the trophy at Wembley. The reality was very different.
Olympic champion Bethany Shriever leads an 11-strong British team at the BMX Racing World Championships.
Plus, Rachel Reeves says the government is “gaslighting” Britain on economy
'The Madman' on his radical economic agenda and love for The Rolling Stones
Train drivers are staging strikes, coinciding with a six-day overtime ban.
A woman was arrested on suspicion of neglecting a child to cause unnecessary injury, police say.
Jodie Comer starred in the award winning play about sexual assault and the legal system.
He is also expected to form his government, with a "significant" role being promised to Kate Forbes.
Michaela Allen says she has been "robbed of justice" in her fight to get her case to court. 

President Biden warns he will stop supplying some weapons if Israel launches a ground operation.
Natalie Elphicke has previously attacked Labour over policies including migration and taxes.
Keir Starmer's allies believe the Dover MP can help win Tory voters but some on the left are uneasy.
The Duke of Sussex will not meet his father or brother during a brief visit to London.
Hundreds of Gaza’s water and sanitation facilities have been damaged or destroyed.
Georgia Harrison says the video makes her fearful for the future and starting a family.
A former quality inspector for Spirit AeroSystems claims he found many defects on parts due for shipping.
A leading NHS boss says firms are deliberately targeting areas where nurses are in short supply.
John Swinney has announced his first cabinet after being officially sworn in as first minister.
Social media firms like Instagram and TikTok will have to make changes to comply with new online safety laws.
Auriol Grey's family say they are relieved her ordeal is now over following the Appeal Court ruling.
Editors of the Sun, the Times the Mail on Sunday are among those named. 
Climate Activist, Greta Thunberg has been fined for disobeying police orders to move after blocking an entrance to Swedish parliament in March during a climate protest.
A quick, simple guide to the new social media rules proposed by Ofcom
The 68th Eurovision Contest semi-finals and final are taking place in Malmo, Sweden in May 2024.
BBC Verify has been tracking Russia's attacks on Ukraine’s energy infrastructure.
The MP for Dover and Deal crossed the floor during PMQs but will stand down at the general election.
By delaying a weapons shipment, the US is finally reaching for its biggest lever of influence over Israel.
A BBC investigation uncovers links between opposition AfD party figures and extremist networks.
Every single day of the past 12 months has seen a new global sea temperature high for the time of year.
The Olympic flame arrives in Marseille amid an "unprecedented level of security", 79 days before the opening ceremony of the Paris Games.
The home secretary says the diplomat is an "undeclared" military intelligence officer.
The musician and producer was known for his work with acts like Nirvana, The Pixies and PJ Harvey.
No-one was hurt but work on the project has been suspended while the extent of the damage is investigated.
The great apes are proposed as gifts for palm oil importers, but conservationists voice concerns.
Pte Conor McPherson was shot dead during a night-time training exercise in Northumberland in 2016.
The firm said the decision was taken because of a decline in demand for the vaccine.
When Harry Kane was on the pitch, Bayern Munich were heading to the Champions League final at Wembley. When he wasn't there, it all went wrong.
Bayern Munich manager Thomas Tuchel says the decision from officials to stop play before his side scored an equaliser against Real Madrid "feels like a betrayal".
It is sport's most decisive and divisive moment - but what is it like to deliver a knockout punch, and to take one?
Real Madrid grab an incredible semi-final win as two late goals defeat Bayern Munich and set up a Champions League final with Borussia Dortmund.
Natalie Robyn leaves her position as chief executive officer of motorsport’s governing body the FIA after just 18 months in the role.
Rory McIlroy calls for the split world of professional golf to find "a compromise" that brings a sense of unity.
Dover and Deal MP Natalie Elphicke joins Labour.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Train drivers are staging strikes, coinciding with a six-day overtime ban.
Georgia Harrison says the video makes her fearful for the future and starting a family.
The Economy Minister's party colleague Deirdre Hargey will take on the role on an interim basis.
John Swinney has announced his first cabinet after being officially sworn in as first minister.
One Students' Union says people are regularly sleeping in university buildings.
Israeli leader says his country will "stand alone" and "fight with fingernails" if shipments are halted.
Experts say the star witness' answers were sometimes useful - and other times completely irrelevant.
Lawyers tell the BBC people infected after September 1991 should be allowed to claim compensation.
The Labour leader will pledge to divert £75m from the Rwanda scheme to border security if he wins power.
Twenty-year-old singer Eden Golan makes the final, despite being booed during dress rehearsals.
The star kicks off the latest leg of her tour in Paris, adding new songs and cutting some favourites.
An ex-intelligence officer tells the BBC he was permitted to shoot dead those resisting eviction.
Andrew Bailey told the BBC the recession was "mild" as figures on the economy are released Friday.
Lawyers for the intelligence agency apologised for the handling of the case.
The well-known figure is being sued by a woman who alleges sexual abuse took place two decades ago.
Double amputee Tony Hudgell says he is "really happy" he can visit Buckingham Palace next year.
The couple shared a video debuting Hailey's bump in a white, lace dress.
The offer was included on the tax website as an "experiment" to see if anyone would read the terms.
Thousands of messages obtained by BBC Panorama reveal the Huyton Firm’s plans for violent attacks.
BBC Wales' Lucy Owen on her mum's regrets at taking no notice of bowel cancer test offers.
The Indian PM's remarks against Muslims on the election trail have puzzled many. What is going on?
Its comments came as UK interest rates were left unchanged at a 16-year high of 5.25%.
Pravesh Kumar says he wants people to ask difficult questions about India's film industry.
Two communities with different views about twins that meant the difference between life and death.
Scientists say the South American nation's last glacier is now just an ice field.
Marius Gustavson ran a website that streamed procedures of the removal body parts.
Some Labour MPs have raised concerns about the comments after the Dover MP defected to the party.
Callum Robinson, his brother and a US friend were murdered in an apparent robbery attempt.
The British author and journalist has died days after receiving a damehood.
Frances McKenna was surprised to find a summons for jury duty when she opened a letter for her mother.
The Prince of Wales is visiting a beach in Cornwall to meet members of local lifesaving clubs.
Aston Villa's Europa Conference League run ends at the semi-final stage as opponents Olympiakos set up a final with Fiorentina.
Iga Swiatek, Coco Gauff and Naomi Osaka all make it through comfortably to the last 32 of the Italian Open in Rome.
Bayer Leverkusen set a new European unbeaten record of 49 games by securing a late draw with Roma to reach the Europa League final.
Seven-time winner Michael van Gerwen clinches his place in the Premier League Darts play-offs despite losing 6-5 to world champion Luke Humphries in the night 15 final in Leeds.
Warrington Wolves hold off a second-half fightback to beat Hull KR 20-8 and go top of Super League.
Bayer Leverkusen's quest to complete an invincible treble stays alive as they get past Roma to reach the Europa League final.
And, Chris Mason speaks to Tory defector Natalie Elphicke
Robert F Kennedy Jr could steal votes from main parties.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Train drivers have been staging strikes, coinciding with a six-day overtime ban.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
The woman, in her 60s, was treated for her injuries but died at the scene, the Met Police said.
A Police Ombudsman’s inquiry has concluded “significant evidential opportunities” were missed by the PSNI.
The first minister said Scotland could only "move on" if it became independent. 
A cut in Welsh business rate relief is branded "unfair" by some companies in retail and hospitality.
Report says it is "reasonable to assess" there have been breaches in Gaza, but admits it does not have "complete information".
A solar storm of this scale can cause disruptions to infrastructure such as the power grid.
A look at some of the most eye-catching performers, ahead of the grand final on Saturday night.
The popular tourist spot says it will expand an anti-tourism law.
The couple's kicked off their visit to Nigeria by opening a mental health summit in Abuja.
Novak Djokovic is hit on the head by a water bottle as he signs autographs after his win at the Italian Open.
Hundreds of young people in the UK take their first puff each day. Is that why a ban is planned?
The Labour leader says he would use counter-terror powers to "smash" smuggling gangs, if he wins power.
The former US president's youngest child, 18, has "prior commitments", according to his mother.
Piran Ditta Khan, 75, receives a life term for his part in the killing of Sharon Beshenivsky.
The Prince of Wales spoke about his wife on a visit to St Mary's Community Hospital on the Isles of Scilly
Bosses say Elbow will open the troubled venue on Tuesday after a string of problems and delays.
Fiona Harvey accuses Netflix, as well as writer Richard Gadd, of lying, in a Piers Morgan interview.
GDP figures, which show that the UK has emerged from recession, feature in some of Saturday's papers.
Barzan Majeed, aka Scorpion, is on the run after smuggling thousands of migrants into the UK. 
Actor Brian Cox is up for a Bafta TV Award alongside several fellow Scots.
BBC Wales' Lucy Owen on her mum's regrets at taking no notice of bowel cancer test offers.
Growth was stronger than expected, but millions of households are yet to feel the benefit.
Very warm and sunny at the moment, but for how long will it last?
The brewery will be celebrating by turning the building green and burying a time capsule.
Every year there are fewer African penguins and soon there may be none at all, scientists warn.
The local wildlife trust hopes the tunnels will boost the reptile's numbers by encouraging mating.
Survivors of child sex abuse say new plans to stop institutional cover-ups are a “kick in the teeth” for victims.
The prime minister says "there is more work to do" as the UK emerges from recession. 
The EBU says it is investigating an "incident" involving Joost Klein, who is temporarily suspended.
Environment Secretary Steve Barclay removed himself from the process after opposing one in his constituency.
Protesters opposed to the expansion of the site have clashed with police. 
David Lowe explains how he came up with the well-known tune, starting with a clock ticking.
France striker Kylian Mbappe says he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season.
England coach Brendon McCullum holds talks with leading wicket-taker James Anderson about the veteran's future.
Britain's Daryll Neita beats American Tamari Davis to claim victory in the women's 100m at the Diamond League meeting in Doha.
Celtic welcome Rangers on Saturday with three games left and the title on the line. Tom English sets the scene.
Novak Djokovic is hit on the head by a water bottle as he signs autographs after his win at the Italian Open.
And what’s happening at Eurovision?
How the health of the economy is measured, and why the GDP calculation matters.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
Simone White is still struggling to walk or talk after the suspected spiking in a city centre bar.
Tony Browne's daughters say their lives have been destroyed after the murder of the father-of-three.
The Scottish government said precautionary movement restrictions had been put in place.
Kaylan Hippsley's family call his killer's less than seven-year sentence "disgusting".
Swiss singer Nemo becomes the first non-binary artist to win Eurovision with their song, The Code.
Skimpy costumes, wacky performances and furious flag-waving... it can only be Eurovision. 
Yan Xiong escaped from China in 1992, but he and other dissidents are still being targeted by Beijing.
The new Labour MP is accused of asking the then Justice Secretary to help move the date of the case.
Hundreds of trees have recently been killed, conveniently exposing multi-million dollar views.
Missed the Northern lights last night? Don't worry, there will be another opportunity to see them tonight. Here's how.
The Israeli military tells thousands of Palestinians to leave the city as it expands its military operation.
Labour's leadership is bouncing - but there are plenty of potential pitfalls between Starmer and No 10.
Happy Valley, Succession and The Crown are among the TV shows nominated at Sunday's ceremony.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder, West Midlands Police say.
President Biden's decision to pause an arms shipment to Israel has shaken the bedrock of a decades-old alliance.
Fort McMurray residents in neighbouring Alberta, Canada are also under an evacuation alert due to a blaze.
Police name the teenager who died after getting into difficulty while swimming.
Sunday's papers feature new claims about Natalie Elphicke, including why she may have left the Conservative Party.
Dozens stand in line in the early morning for a glimpse at the first criminal trial of a former US president.
More than 300 items found at sea were reported last year including an elephant tusk and human bones.
As Twitter and Facebook both now offer paid subscription, what impact is it having?
The aurora borealis was visible around the world on Friday night, stunning photographers everywhere.
Alok Shukla has spent years fighting to protect a key Indian forest from mining companies.
Singer and TV host Dannii Minogue on how Kylie convinced her to do The X Factor, her battles with the press and her new show I Kissed a Girl.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been welcomed by a charity which helps service personnel in Nigeria.
Everything you need to know about this year's A-level exams, grade boundaries and results day.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
Kasun Kalirai would not have put his flat on the market had it not been for rocketing service charges.
Temperatures peaked at 25.9C (78.6F) in Herstmonceux, East Sussex, according to the Met Office.
Opponents fear the government's bill will silence critics ahead of parliamentary elections later this year.
The tennis player was accidentally struck in the head with a hard bottle that fell from a fan's backpack.
Lauren Price becomes Wales’ first female world champion boxer as she wins via a wide points decision against Jessica McCaskill.
David Moyes receives a fitting farewell from West Ham fans in his final home game in charge as the club's new era draws closer.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side are in "touching distance" of the title despite their season being far from "perfect". 
Hertfordshire 17-year-old Phoebe Gill moves to joint second in this year's women's world 800m rankings by clocking a sensational 1:57.86 in Belfast.
Burnley manager Vincent Kompany says "tomorrow is day one" in the club's quest to regain their Premier League place after being relegation.
Rory McIlroy cuts Xander Schauffele's lead at the Wells Fargo Championship to one shot with a superb third round in North Carolina.
Starmer’s former chief of staff is on, plus, what’s going on in Malmö?
As rail fares rise on Sunday, we find the ways passengers can keep journeys as cheap as possible.
From being first in the queue to being more flexible, here are some tips on how to get ahead in the rental race.
Police name the teenager who died after getting into difficulty while swimming.
Analysis from the Department of Education suggests there are not enough places at integrated post-primary schools to meet demand in Northern Ireland.
Homeowners affected by a cheap version of concrete have held a protest outside Holyrood calling for compensation.
Misinformation and commercialisation of women's healthcare leaves many vulnerable to unproven claims.
Sergei Shoigu, a close ally of the president, has played a key role in Russia's hugely costly war in Ukraine.
Celebrities were sweltering as the awards ceremony took place on the hottest day of the year so far.
Our recap of this year's 2024 Bafta TV Awards.
The PM will argue in a speech that the UK is facing some of its "most transformational" years.
Lili Myers pays tribute to the late TV chef ahead of a mass motorbike ride to celebrate him.
The BBC's Jonathan Beale meets front-line soldiers battling Russia's new incursion in north-east Ukraine.
Critics say the foreign influence bill will be used to clamp down on the Tbilisi government's opponents.
The Catalan Socialist Party wins the regional elections as pro-independence parties lose ground.
A man has been charged with the murder of Anita Mukhey, who was stabbed in north London on Thursday.
Prince Harry played basketball with a group of school students in Nigeria's most populated city.
If you like the sunshine enjoy it while you can, as rain and storms are set to return.
Novak Djokovic says he felt hampered by the after-effects of being hit on the head by a bottle as he fell to a shock Italian Open defeat by Alejandro Tabilo.
A speech by the prime minister, described as the kickstart to his election campaign, is the focus of Monday's papers.
Strictly Come Dancing winner Bobby Brazier was among the stars being photographed ahead of the ceremony.
The UK hasn't won Eurovision for 27 years. Is there any way to turn our fortunes around?
Dozens stand in line in the early morning for a glimpse at the first criminal trial of a former US president.
Yan Xiong escaped from China in 1992, but he and other dissidents are still being targeted by Beijing.
Joanna Lumley reveals what it was like to front the UK jury for the Eurovision Song Contest 2024.
Hundreds of trees have recently been killed, conveniently exposing multi-million dollar views.
David Thornton says audiences just "did not connect" with his son's performance of Dizzy.
Raymond Young says Blackpool was his childhood holiday spot and is his "home from home".
The 42-year-old died in hospital the day after the incident in Wigtown Bay, Dumfries and Galloway.
Foreign Secretary David Cameron tells the BBC the UK should focus on getting humanitarian aid into Gaza.
The Northern Lights waned early on Saturday night, but picked up again much later.
A Swiss pressure group says some staff at Shein suppliers are still working excessive overtime.
More than 300 items found at sea were reported last year including an elephant tusk and human bones.
Arsenal show their ugly side to keep the title race in the balance with victory at Manchester United, writes Phil McNulty.
Marc Skinner is defiant in victory as he guides Manchester United to their first Women's FA Cup trophy.
A stunning final back nine sees Rory McIlroy reel in overnight leader Xander Schauffele and claim a fourth career Wells Fargo Championship.
Watch highlights as Ella Toone's wonder strike inspires Manchester United to a 4-0 victory over Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley to win their first FA Cup title.
Novak Djokovic says he felt hampered by the after-effects of being hit on the head by a bottle as he fell to a shock Italian Open defeat by Alejandro Tabilo.
The stormy weather at Old Trafford on Sunday provided a metaphor for Manchester United's season as they suffered their 14th league defeat of the season at home to Arsenal.
The Indiana Pacers demolish the New York Knicks to tie their NBA play-off series at 2-2.
The stretch of road in Surrey is due to reopen at 06:00 BST after closing all weekend for roadworks.
A homeless mum of three on a Housing Executive waiting list says repeated moves are "harrowing".
The 42-year-old died in hospital the day after the incident in Wigtown Bay, Dumfries and Galloway.
Increasing number of Senedd members will future proof Welsh devolution, says presiding officer.
One of Europe’s most notorious people-smugglers, Barzan Majeed, says he transported thousands of people across the Channel.
In court, Michael Cohen also said Trump had warned 'a lot of women' would make claims against him.
Addicts at risk of an opioid overdose in England will get supplies of the antidote for emergency use.
The EBU says it "regrets" that some countries "didn’t respect the spirit" of the contest in Sweden.
A bill to allow assisted dying for the terminally ill is expected to pass a key parliamentary stage.
Georgia Laurie punched the reptile in the face when it attacked her twin in Mexico in June 2021.
A court in Belfast rules the UK government’s act unlawfully diminishes the rights of asylum seekers.
Proposal passes by one vote after the government had suggested the threshold should be when an MP is charged.
A daughter had an urn in her house for months before discovering it did not contain her mother's ashes.
The Prince of Wales took off after he succeeded King Charles as colonel-in-chief of the Army Air Corps.
Ukraine is concerned about what could happen if Russian troops get within artillery range of Kharkiv.
Fierce fighting is reported as Israel says it is targeting areas of where Hamas has regrouped.
The two circular livestream video portals visually connect New York and Dublin in real-time.
A range of stories on Tuesday's front pages including the latest on Donald Trump's trial in New York.
Families torn apart by the infected blood scandal break their silence to BBC Panorama.
Steve Rosenberg considers possible reasons behind Sergei Shoigu's replacement in the middle of a war.
The country pauses united in grief, as questions grow about the results of Israel's war.
A looks at the big issues facing John Swinney as he begins his first full week in office.
The prime minister and opposition leader are road testing their messages ahead of the general election.
The Scottish singer has spoken of her experience of online abuse as part of a new BBC campaign.
A teacher denies the allegations of sexual activity with boys claiming she only wanted attention.
The dog caused the boy "catastrophic and life changing injuries", a court is told.
The power to move people on due to "smells" will no longer be in a bill, after a backlash from MPs.
Hundreds of women have contacted BBC News with their traumatic experiences of giving birth.
OpenAI has unveiled a new, faster version of its generative AI tool, ChatGPT.
Six Native tribes have banned Kristi Noem from their reservations as her controversies pile up.
Mohammad Rasoulof was sentenced over his new film, which is to be premiered at the Cannes festival.
Aston Villa manager Unai Emery closes in on the promised land of the Champions League as fan Tom Hanks hopes for a Hollywood finale.
Ange Postecoglou will "never understand" any Tottenham fans wanting their own team to lose even if it helps deny Arsenal the Premier League title.
Elite sprinting is dominated by black athletes. Theories as to why span painful history and cutting-edge science - and many are unproven.
Rob Key says English cricket will "have to do without Jimmy Anderson" after the fast bowler calls time on his legendary career against West Indies at Lord's in July.
Tyson Fury's father John is injured in a fracas with members of Oleksandr Usyk’s camp as the build-up to Saturday’s world heavyweight contest begins.
Tottenham boss Ange Postecoglou dismisses suggestions some Spurs fans will want the club to lose Tuesday's match against Man City given it could boost Arsenal's title hopes.
And, a new report into ‘shockingly poor’ maternity services
Ready to rock through time with the Doctor and Ruby?
Ruby learns the Doctor's secrets when he takes her to a future with babies and a bogeyman.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
The dog caused the boy "catastrophic and life changing injuries", a court is told.
Malcolm McKeown, 54, was shot as he sat in a car outside a service station in Waringstown in 2019.
A daughter had an urn in her house for months before discovering it did not contain her mother's ashes.
Workers have already started leaving Port Talbot to work at places like Hinkley Point in England.
Millions of litres of raw sewage was pumped into one of the UK's most famous lakes after a fault.
Dijoun Jhagroo-Bryan says the request to prove his relationship to his dad was "outrageous".
New guidance for schools in England is expected to be set out on Thursday.
The troubled new Manchester arena finally opens its doors to the public at the fourth attempt.
Armed men rammed a prison van at a tollbooth, opened fire on officers and fled with prisoner Mohamed Amra.
Queen Camilla is said to have looked at the painting and told the artist: "Yes, you've got him."
Two-bedroom flats were listed for 35 days before the pandemic, but the average has dropped to 25 days.
The defence team questioned the credibility of Trump's former lawyer, who said he lied for the ex-President.
Israel says Egypt must reopen the crossing - but Egypt says Israel's military operation there is blocking aid.
Three men are accused of planning a gun attack on the Jewish community in North-West England.
Stephen Davies lost his job six months after a BBC journalist falsely said he had been feeding stories to a newspaper about the princess.
As well as Super Gran she appeared in a number of stage productions, radio plays and other TV shows.
A new portrait of King Charles unveiled on Tuesday features on a number of Wednesday's front pages.
Speaker Mike Johnson's appearance reflects how the fate of the ex-president and his party are intertwined.
The front line has turned from a relative stalemate to a major Russian offensive in a week.
Jack O'Sullivan, a 23-year-old student, never returned home from a house party two months ago.
Carolyn Woods faces an ongoing legal fight after being duped by conman Mark Acklom.
Salma Hayek and Dua Lipa were also at the event which saw the Tate Modern transformed for the show.
Russian forces make "tactically significant advances" near Kharkiv, with the war now in its third year.
The Canadian writer was known as the "master of the contemporary short story".
The child was seen sitting on the knee of a passenger as an Audi A3 sped away, police say.
The US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has played a rendition of Neil Young's Rockin' in the Free World with a local band on his surprise trip to Kyiv.
The bill targets civil society organisations and independent media that receive foreign funding.
Valdo Calocane was given a hospital order after admitting manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
Rory McIlroy files a petition to a Florida court to end his seven-year marriage with Erica.
Keeper Stefan Ortega's brilliant cameo at Spurs puts Manchester City on the brink of a fourth successive Premier League title.
Tottenham Hotspur manager Ange Postecoglou says the "foundations are really fragile" at the club after Tuesday's defeat by Manchester City ended their hopes of Champions League football.
Aston Villa qualify for the Champions League for the first time after top-four rivals Tottenham Hotspur lost to Manchester City on Tuesday.
Rory McIlroy files a petition to a Florida court to end his seven-year marriage with Erica.
Chelsea boss Emma Hayes wants to "enjoy this week as much as possible" as she prepares to bid farewell to the club.
Moscow and the EU compete for influence in Tbilisi
Obesity jabs 'could reduce heart attack risk' says new study
The interest paid on savings is better than anything seen for years, so how can you save when bills are rising?
How do they work across the UK, what can I borrow and when do I have to start paying it back?
New guidance for schools in England is expected to be set out on Thursday.
The notes of the first NI Executive meeting after Bobby Storey's funeral were requested seven times.
As well as Super Gran she appeared in a number of stage productions, radio plays and other TV shows.
One woman was told she should shower more while another's cancer symptoms were blamed on menopause.
Robert Fico was attacked outside a cultural centre in the town of Handlova, and a suspect was detained.
James Anderson’s firm Depher is accused of exploiting vulnerable people in misleading social media posts.
Heidi Dodson's council rejected her for priority housing, and told her she would cope on the streets.
Members of the British Medical Association union have been staging walkouts for more than a year.
Cyclists who cause deaths could face similar penalties to drivers including sentences of up to 14 years.
Lawyers for the illusionist say the allegations are "false and scurrilous".
Premier League clubs will vote on whether to scrap video assistant referees (VAR) from next season at their annual general meeting next month.
Health bosses confirm 22 cases of a diarrhoea-type illness in south Devon.
There are growing signs of divisions within Israel's war cabinet over who should gover Gaza after the war. 
Ukraine says it has moved troops to "advantageous positions" as Russia intensifies its attacks on the region.
Three men are prosecuted after Khadra Ali was left with "life-changing" injuries from the incident.
Christian Brückner is on trial in Germany for five sex offence charges not related to the missing British child.
Those who have had an asylum claim refused or withdrawn and cannot appeal could now also be deported.
His supporters hoped Rishi Sunak would breathe life back into the Conservatives. Few are convinced he has.
For years, Western spy agencies have talked of a need to focus on China, but senior officials say the threat has not been taken seriously enough.
Thursday's paper preview a speech by Labour's leader and have the latest on the Slovak PM shooting.
A 67-year-old shows people in streets and parks how to breath new life into their tired garments.
As deadly flash floods hit Afghanistan, whole families and their homes have been swept away.
Over the next two weeks, premieres and parties will see the launch of movies that could become Oscar contenders.
The PM is known for his ability to reinvent his political career in the face of major setbacks. 
Ministers say it was a politically-motivated attack
Many are pointing to the ultra-violence that has become hallmark of the country's drugs underworld.
Daniel Graham and Adam Carruthers, both from Cumbria, are accused of damaging the world-famous tree.
Georgia Brooke, 26, was strangled by Luke Cannon, who was himself found dead the following day.
There will be no live audience at June's Atlanta event, which will mark the pair's first on-stage clash in four years.
US charity authorities say Archewell's registration is in order after a warning notice.
Dolly Parton has traced her ancestry to the Welsh valleys for a TV show, according to reports.
A new prequel TV series, titled Elle, is currently in development at Amazon Prime Video.
The measures are expected to be in place for about week in some regions in England where there is a lack of cells.
Manager Brendan Rodgers says he "never had any doubts" about Celtic’s season after they seal their 12th Scottish Premiership title in the last 13 seasons.
Midfielder Erin Cuthbert said Chelsea "will be leaving nothing on the pitch" when they face Manchester United on the final day as they look to retain the Women's Super League title.
Watch highlights as Chelsea beat Tottenham Hotspur 1-0 to go top of Women's Super League and take the title race in to the final day.
Andy Murray progresses to the second round of an ATP Challenger event in Bordeaux after opponent Jacquet retires at the start of the second set.
Moscow and the EU compete for influence in Tbilisi
So why is competition so intense and what can you do about it?
Ready to rock through time with the Doctor and Ruby?
Ruby learns the Doctor's secrets when he takes her to a future with babies and a bogeyman.
From being first in the queue to being more flexible, here are some tips on how to get ahead in the rental race.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
The interest paid on savings is better than anything seen for years, so how can you save when bills are rising?
How do they work across the UK, what can I borrow and when do I have to start paying it back?
Heidi Dodson's council rejected her for priority housing, and told her she would cope on the streets.
Topics in the messages included a Catholic Archbishop, Sinn Féin and Justice Minister Naomi Long.
Sian Jones needs antibiotics almost every other month and they often no longer work for her.
Tensions boil over on a heated day in court, as the ex-president’s lawyer assails the prosecution's star witness.
There has been an unexpected slowdown in sales of electric cars. Could this be more than a blip?
The Labour leader promises more teachers and more NHS appointments in major pre-election speech.
A neighbour says the boy's parents are "inconsolable" after his death in east London.
Lesley Sewell tells the Horizon inquiry she was "not comfortable" being contacted by the former chief.  
Up to 100 people have reported symptoms to their GP since a parasite was found in the water network.
John Nicolson wants Netflix to substantiate what it told a committee about Baby Reindeer portrayal.
Its national broadcaster says it faced hostility simply because "we are Israelis and we were there".
The expulsion of Capt Adrian Coghill comes after his counterpart was removed from Britain last week.
Robert Fico's condition is still "very serious" after he was shot several times on Wednesday.
Leeds General Infirmary among NHS hospitals criticised for storing bodies at unsuitable temperatures.
Heavyweight Tyson Fury refuses to face off with Oleksandr Usyk during a cordial news conference in Saudi Arabia.
The US economic boom has consequences for the global balance of power - and for the UK.
A range of stories on Friday's papers including warnings from Jeremy Hunt about Labour's policies.
Russia has launched a push north of Kharkiv but its ultimate goal is so far unclear.
Chinese bubble tea shares fizzle raising questions about the industry and Hong Kong's stock market.
James Anderson's firm Depher was backed by donors such as Hugh Grant but is now accused of exploiting vulnerable people.
"Small traces" of Cryptosporidium were found in Brixham in south Devon, South West Water says.
Alana is now using her experiences to help others and contribute to research.
A new exhibition captures the family's more private and intimate moments from the past 100 years.
BBC Verify examines how images of nails on playground gear have been shared wrongly by concerned parents.
Officials have arrested a 61-year-old man suspected of keeping him prisoner.
His bright blue eyes were "bored into my skull," the woman tells the trial of Christian Brückner.
Thirty thousand rare oysters are being reintroduced to the Firth of Forth having been wiped out by overfishing and pollution.
An art project that links Dublin and New York via a live video "portal" has been temporarily shut.
The government says it will help slot venues compete - but charities warn it could increase addiction.
The families of Lucy Letby's victims say live-streaming the inquiry will combat conspiracy theories.
Over a 16-year professional career, Tyson Fury has risen from small shows and low expectations to a shot at becoming undisputed world champion.
Rory McIlroy and Robert MacIntyre start well at the US PGA Championship as American Xander Schauffele sets the early pace at Valhalla.
Cristiano Ronaldo tops the Forbes list of highest-paid athletes for the fourth time in his career, with Jon Rahm moving up to second.
Heavyweight Tyson Fury refuses to face off with Oleksandr Usyk during a cordial news conference in Saudi Arabia.
Michael Smith seals the last spot in the Premier League Darts play-offs on his way to winning the final league-stage night in Sheffield.
Watch as Tyson Fury jokes around as he avoids eye contact with Oleksandr Usyk during face-off.
He's the UK's highest-profile etiquette expert - but he often still feels out of place.
The cryptosporidium parasite has been affecting water supplies in parts of south Devon.
A neighbour says the boy's parents are "inconsolable" after his death in east London.
Shannon Leet from Ontario discovered a brother in Northern Ireland who their mother had been forced to give up.
The country had 8,365 people behind bars earlier this week - the highest number since 2012.
Former pupils and colleagues describe bullying campaigns and violence under Foden's leadership.
The three had been killed in Hamas's attack on Israel on 7 October and their bodies taken to Gaza.
Rebecca Joynes is told to expect to go to jail after being convicted by jury.
Barzan Majeed is believed to have controlled the trade across the English Channel yet remained free.
The clip seems to show an attack described in Casandra Ventura's lawsuit against the rapper last year.
Seven others including four foreigners were injured, Afghan officials say.
Another spectacular light show could come within two weeks as Sun storms reach 11-year high.
The fiery exchange began when Republican Marjorie Taylor Greene criticised Democrat Jasmine Crockett.
Michael D Higgins says there was a failure to investigate bombings on the deadliest day of the Troubles.
The warning comes one week after a similar alert from the FBI and Department of Homeland Security.
Nancy Pelosi has not discussed the attack with her husband, whose skull was fractured with a hammer.
MP calls for "heads to roll" after confirmed cases of cryptosporidiosis in Devon rise to 46.
Rishi Sunak and his wife Akshata Murty are richer than King Charles, according to The Sunday Times.
Rhun ap Iorwerth says he remains "deeply concerned" by the first minister's £200,000 donation.
Vladimir Putin’s visit to China was a show of strength, but in reality he needs Beijing's support for his war in Ukraine. 
There has been an unexpected slowdown in sales of electric cars. Could this be more than a blip?
For years, Western spy agencies have talked of a need to focus on China, but senior officials say the threat has not been taken seriously enough.
Critics call the album "explicit, sapphic and her best work yet", plus "confident and non-conformist".
Labour criticises a dossier released by the Conservatives that adds up how much their spending commitments would cost. 
Some critics say the Netflix show's as seductive as ever, but others feel its charms are wearing off.
The ICJ ruling has come under intense scrutiny, centring on the word "plausible". What did the court mean?
Over a 16-year professional career, Tyson Fury has risen from small shows and low expectations to a shot at becoming undisputed world champion.
Indian PM Narendra Modi is eyeing a historic third term after a decade in power.
Watch video of the super-fast Dana squid getting a close-up 1km below the Pacific Ocean's surface.
Olivia and Noah keep their spots as England and Wales' most popular baby names. 
Police said the suspect, who died in an Idaho prison in 2011, may be behind other unsolved killings.
World number one Scottie Scheffler says he prepared for round two at the US PGA Championship by warming up in his jail cell after being arrested.
James Anderson says there is a "witch hunt" against him following a BBC investigation.
Long-lost siblings - one from Londonderry, one from Canada - meet for first time in Ireland.
Hundreds were killed in recent flooding in Afghanistan, which saw homes swept away and roads destroyed.
Tyson Fury was over 30lb heavier than Oleksandr Usyk in the weigh-in before their undisputed heavyweight fight on Saturday.
World number one Scottie Scheffler says he prepared for round two at the US PGA Championship by warming up in his jail cell after being arrested.
Watch as Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk are separated by security at the weigh-in for Saturday’s undisputed heavyweight title fight in Saudi Arabia.
Former England players Ellen White and Katie Chapman say Chelsea have the upper hand on Manchester City going into an 'exciting' final day of the Women's Super League.
After Arne Slot confirmed he will be Liverpool's new manager, what will the Reds look like under the Dutchman?
Russia and China’s leaders meet in Beijing
The former secretary of state on his old boss, and US support.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Rebecca Joynes is told to expect to go to jail after being convicted by jury.
Michael D Higgins says there was a failure to investigate bombings on the deadliest day of the Troubles.
Lorenzo Alonzi’s behaviour amounted to unsatisfactory professional conduct in six of 11 complaints.
Rhun ap Iorwerth says he remains "deeply concerned" by the first minister's £200,000 donation.
Recent weeks have seen an increasingly public rift over how Gaza should be governed after the war.
The Israeli military said Ron Benjamin was found alongside the bodies of three other hostages.
Moscow continues to make military gains in the Kharkiv region as Ukraine struggles with resources.
The Northern Ireland secretary announced his intentions on the social media platform X, formerly Twitter.
The national guard says it has informed the navy and search and rescue operations are under way.
South West Water says about 2,500 homes will have to keep boiling water due to a parasite.
Leonid Volkov says his fight against Vladimir Putin will never end, speaking after a hammer attack outside his home.
Emergency services are at scene in Ovingham after reports two teenagers had got into difficulty.
In an interview with Saga magazine, the TV presenter spoke of dating as a woman in her 70s.
Demonstrators reiterated calls for a ceasefire in the Israel-Gaza conflict during the protest.
P&O says it stepped up cleaning protocols following reports of "gastrointestinal symptoms" on board.
Barzan Majeed is believed to have controlled the trade across the English Channel yet remained free.
A range of stories on Sunday's papers including Labour's plans for NHS staff to work weekends.
It is thought more than 100 Israelis are still being held hostage in Gaza after the 7 October attacks.
For centuries, sugar was the mainstay of Cuba's economy. Now the industry is in rapid decline.
Spraying money - flinging cash at the happy couple - is a highlight of many ceremonies but is illegal.
Akshay Thakrar and Harpreet Kaur put their business skills to use as they plan the week-long party.
A selection of striking images from around the world, taken over the past seven days.
One claimant unknowingly overpaid Carer's Allowance said the debts she incurred have brought 'considerable financial strain'.
It comes as a man charged with attempting to murder Robert Fico arrived in court on Saturday.
The clip seems to show an attack described in Casandra Ventura's lawsuit against the rapper last year.
Customers were unable to shop online for around five hours but services are now working again.
Secret files finally clear the Welsh Guards after 48 crew were killed in the bombing of Sir Galahad.
The singer promised Hit Me Hard And Soft would be her most environmentally conscious album yet.
Emma Hayes says Chelsea's fifth successive Women's Super League title has been "the toughest, without doubt".
Oleksandr Usyk beats Tyson Fury on points in Saudi Arabia to become the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world. 
Shane Lowry shoots a major record-equalling 62 to move two shots behind joint leaders Collin Morikawa and Xander Schauffele in round three of the US PGA Championship in Kentucky.
As well as the title race, there are other things to be decided on the final day of the Premier League season. 
Emma Hayes says Chelsea's fifth successive Women's Super League title has been "the toughest, without doubt".
Belfast super-featherweight Anthony Cacace pulls off a huge shock in Saudi Arabia by stopping Joe Cordina in the eighth round to win the IBF world title. 
Brighton confirm that head coach Roberto de Zerbi will leave the club after their final Premier League match of the season at home to Manchester United on Sunday.
Watch highlights as Chelsea secure a fifth successive Women's Super League title by thrashing Manchester United at Old Trafford in Emma Hayes' final game in charge.
What was Project Sunak? And what is life like in Number 10?
Video footage shows firefighters battling huge flames and thick smoke in the middle of a busy street.
The Northern Ireland secretary announced his intentions on the social media platform X, formerly Twitter.
Police say a 'proportionate' plan is in place after disruption caused by celebrating fans last year.
Justin Lewis, who had a history of mental illness, was found dead in his cell at HMP Parc in March. 
A helicopter carrying President Ebrahim Raisi made a "hard landing" in adverse weather, state media says.
More than 30,000 people were infected with HIV and hepatitis C in the infected blood scandal.
Martin White died at the age of 33 after being given blood products contaminated with HIV.
A report suggests shareholders have taken billons but failed to invest as water bills look set to rise.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange hopes to launch a new appeal.
Midfielder Phil Foden responds to Manchester City's record fourth successive title by saying "we’ve put ourselves in the history books".
Footage obtained by CNN had shown him kicking and pushing Cassie Ventura in a hotel hallway in 2016.
Investigators are probing whether the suspect was part of a group who "incited and supported each other”, a minister says.
The 14-year-old's body was found in the River Tyne and the younger boy was rescued and taken to hospital.
South West Water apologises after 28 properties were wrongly told the water was safe to drink.
The professional dancer on the BBC show says he is looking forward to clearing his name.
The livestream linking Dublin and New York was temporarily suspended due to "inappropriate behaviour".
The suspected meteorite was also seen in Portugal, with many sharing their videos on social media.
Taiwan's outgoing president says boosting her country's military was the only way to defy China's threat.
The cleric has cracked down on dissent and taken a tough stance with the West since his 2021 election.
Thousands were infected with HIV and hepatitis C, in the worst treatment disaster in NHS history.
More people are using buses in Reading where they are publicly-owned - will others towns follow?
This season's Premier League was clinched by Manchester City on the final day, but what were the key games that decided that outcome?
They dress in traditional clothing every day, own vintage furniture and limit time with technology.
What is it like for the volunteers who keep England's smallest attractions going?
There are fears a parachute drop will have to be significantly scaled down due to the lack of aircraft.
Recent weeks have seen an increasingly public rift over how Gaza should be governed after the war.
An estimated 25,000 fans filled the city centre after their team brought the Premiership trophy home. 
Virgin Group has applied for a licence to run trains on the route it lost to Avanti in 2019.
Journalist Piers Morgan says there are issues to be addressed by the programme makers.
Assassin’s Creed: Shadows is a long-awaited pivot for the franchise into the country’s feudal 16th Century.
Xander Schauffele birdies the last hole to see off the challenge of Bryson DeChambeau and Viktor Hovland to win his first major title.
Why Manchester City's fourth successive Premier League title proves they are the domestic game's great untouchables.
So close, but yet so far – and the mood was defiant at Arsenal after their final-day win over Everton was not enough to earn a first Premier League title in two decades.
Lando Norris says he is "excited" about the rest of the Formula 1 season after challenging Max Verstappen hard for victory at the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix.
Match of the Day pundits Ian Wright and Alan Shearer look at Phil Foden's "fantastic" performance in Manchester City's title-clinching 3-1 win against West Ham.
Given higher costs, some students are wondering whether going to university makes financial sense.
People claiming universal credit and working under 18 hours a week will have to look for more work.
South West Water apologises after 28 properties were wrongly told the water was safe to drink.
Emergency services were alerted at 07:30 local time on Sunday and the body of a man in his 80s was recovered from the car.


An estimated 25,000 fans filled the city centre after their team brought the Premiership trophy home. 
Martin White died at the age of 33 after being given blood products contaminated with HIV.
PM truly sorry as inquiry finds authorities covered up scandal and exposed victims to unacceptable risks.
The report author, Sir Brian Langstaff, thinks a cultural change within government is possible.
Israel's prime minister lambasts the ICC, saying it has compared Israel to "mass murderers".
A return to work is ruled out for the Princess of Wales, as her early years foundation issues a report.
The woman was found dead at her home in Hornchurch in east London on Monday afternoon, police say.
A team of Royal Academy of Engineering scientists say the risk from human faeces is increasing.
More than 600 people died in the worst migrant shipwreck in a decade
The former Post Office boss is due to give evidence to the public inquiry into the Horizon IT scandal.
The prosecution rested Monday and closing statements are expected to take place next week.
The King visits the Chelsea Flower Show days after he is named the Royal Horticultural Society's patron.
Kate Roughley strapped nine-month-old baby Genevieve Meehan to a beanbag and left her for 90 minutes.
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Kamenei offered condolences after the deaths of the president and foreign minister.
Feyenoord boss Arne Slot is named as Liverpool's new manager, succeeding Jurgen Klopp at Anfield.
Rishi Sunak apologises for the infection of around 30,000 people with contaminated blood products, and the failure to address the problem.
Victims of the scandal said they had been "gaslit for generations" and felt "vindicated" by the report.
The report finds the infected blood scandal could and should have been largely avoided.
Thousands were infected with HIV and hepatitis C, in the worst treatment disaster in NHS history.
The Infected Blood Inquiry published its findings in London on Monday afternoon. 

Taiwan's outgoing president says boosting her country's military was the only way to defy China's threat.
Barzan Majeed is believed to have controlled the trade across the English Channel yet remained free.
Vladimir Putin’s visit to China was a show of strength, but in reality he needs Beijing's support for his war in Ukraine. 
There has been an unexpected slowdown in sales of electric cars. Could this be more than a blip?
Tuesday's front pages focus on the release of a damning public inquiry report on the infected blood scandal.
Teachers speak out anonymously about standards enforced by a trust at four of its secondary schools.
This year's event includes junior judges and a "no adults allowed" garden designed by children.
Charity says lack of work to improve access to Paris's Metro ahead of Games is "scandalous".
Israel's army says it is protecting Palestinian civilians, but the UN says there are no safe areas.
After Arne Slot was confirmed as Liverpool's new manager, what will the Reds look like under the Dutchman?
Surface flooding is one of London's biggest threats - so what can be done to combat it?
The US Embassy owes £14m while Togo owes £40, figures from Transport for London reveal.
Hundreds of dachshunds gathered in London during a charity event to scoop a Guinness World Record.
Ben Broadbent's comments come ahead of data which is expected to show a fall in inflation.
Two people have been taken to hospital following a parasite outbreak in Devon, the government says.
There have been 108 sightings of Asian hornets since 2016, of which 56 were in 2023.
The singer was the first person to score three consecutive number one hits in the UK charts.
Ex-President Jacob Zuma's 15-month prison sentence disqualifies him from being a lawmaker.
Feyenoord boss Arne Slot is named as Liverpool's new manager, succeeding Jurgen Klopp at Anfield.
England manager Gareth Southgate picks his initial Euro 2024 squad on Tuesday and faces a few difficult selection issues.
England goalkeeper Mary Earps says she is in talks with Manchester United over her future at the club.
Xander Schauffele’s thrilling breakthrough PGA victory over Bryson DeChambeau portrayed major golf in the best possible light, writes Iain Carter.
Which Premier League clubs exceeded expectations this season and which ones flopped? BBC Sport's Phil McNulty reveals his end-of-season report.
Twenty-seven BBC pundits predicted who would win the 2022-23 Premier League title and finish in the top four. Who was spot on, and how did everyone else fare?
BBC Sport and data providers CricViz look at the pressing issues surrounding England's T20 side as they build towards this autumn's T20 World Cup in Bangladesh.
Infected Blood Inquiry finds evidence of cover-up
Jim Reed meets the families of children with bleeding disorders who were infected with HIV
If you face disruption because flights are cancelled or delayed, then what can you do?
Given higher costs, some students are wondering whether going to university makes financial sense.
More than 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Bank of England interest rates have an impact on the mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Experts give advice for those who might be worried about their monthly mortgage payments.
The interest paid on savings is better than anything seen for years, so how can you save when bills are rising?
People claiming universal credit and working under 18 hours a week will have to look for more work.
The rate at which prices are rising has dropped from record highs, but remains above the 2% target.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
A recession means the UK economy has shrunk for two three-month periods - or quarters - in a row.
The woman was found dead at her home in Hornchurch in east London on Monday afternoon, police say.
The Infected Blood Inquiry published its findings in London on Monday afternoon. 

The Infected Blood Inquiry has released its findings on the biggest treatment scandal in NHS history.
Welsh families are 'missing out' on more than £2 billion in unclaimed benefits and support.
Geoff Kitchen died of a suspected heart attack during the flight from London to Singapore, authorities say.
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville spent a month with revolutionary forces at jungle bases and on front lines in Myanmar.
The ICO wants to know the safeguards around Recall, which can take screengrabs of your screen every few seconds.
Money lost to fraud fell last year, but purchase and romance scams are on the rise.
A former Royal Marine charged with assisting the Hong Kong intelligence service has been found dead.
Craig Mackinlay was given a 5% chance of survival after being rushed to hospital in September.
Disruption is expected in Northern Ireland's health services as junior doctors begin walk out. 
Top US diplomat Antony Blinken said he was "committed" to working with Congress to respond to the court.
Government unveils package after final report of public inquiry into scandal published on Monday.
The investigation will look into how the Friends actor got the ketamine found in his system when he died.
The UK government names Wylfa, on Anglesey, as its preferred site for a new nuclear power station.
Southern Water wants to increase its bills by £436 a year, but is not expected to get approval.
As Cazoo enters administration, we look at the rise and fall of the online used car retailer.
The Israeli and Hamas leaders are suspected of committing war crimes during the continuing war in Gaza.
Raisi's death will test a system where hardliners dominate all branches of power, Lyse Doucet writes.
Most turbulence occurs in cloud with up- and downdrafts of wind, says BBC Weather's Simon King.
The ordained priest who led the Post Office from 2012 to 2019 faces three days of questioning at the Horizon Inquiry.
In Assam state, a complicated citizenship process has left thousands without the right to vote.
Experts say Ukraine is now making significant progress in its long struggle against corruption.
Rules restricting ownership of American XL bully dogs are in force in England, Wales and Scotland.
Hit Me Hard and Soft came out on Friday to rave reviews and the singer says it's her favourite work.
Footage recorded over weeks depicts the massive clearing effort and the moment cargo ship Dali was moved.
Angus Robertson says he is "deeply concerned" about documents obtained by BBC Scotland News.

Scientists believe they avoided perils including artillery fire on their way to their traditional breeding ground.
Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino leaves the club after one season at Stamford Bridge.
Darryn John Armstrong initially pleaded not guilty to the murder of two-year-old Ali Jayden Doyle.
A group of energetic pre-teen Irish rappers find viral fame after a song racks up nine million views.
But the Duke of Sussex was granted permission to alter his case to include further accusations against journalists and private investigators.


Actress Riley Keough claims a company trying to sell the estate forged her mother's signature.
Chelsea manager Mauricio Pochettino leaves the club after one season at Stamford Bridge.
Are players added to a WhatsApp group? Do they have to wait for the social media post? Or is there another way?
England manager right to axe Marcus Rashford and the old guard but defensive woes exposed in Euro 2024 squad
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola has been named as the Premier League Manager of the Season, with Liverpool's Matt Beard winning the Women's Super League Manager of the Season.
Louisville police will investigate if policies were correctly followed in the arrest of world number one Scottie Scheffler at the US PGA Championship.
Heather Watson is one of three Britons to lose in the first round of French Open qualifying on Tuesday.
England manager talks to BBC sport editor Dan Roan about his provisional 33-man squad for Euro 2024.
Plus, first infected blood payouts announced
Jim Reed meets the families of children with bleeding disorders who were infected with HIV
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, but is still above the 2% target.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
If the forecast proves correct, it would mean a typical annual bill could be £500 lower than last summer.
A former Royal Marine charged with assisting the Hong Kong intelligence service has been found dead.
Disruption is expected in Northern Ireland's health services as junior doctors begin walk out. 
Angus Robertson says he is "deeply concerned" about documents obtained by BBC Scotland News.

The UK government names Wylfa, on Anglesey, as its preferred site for a new nuclear power station.
The PM calls an early summer poll in a rain-soaked speech outside 10 Downing Street.
The prime minister had to contend with pouring rain while announcing the General Election outside No 10.
The Labour leader says the general election would be an opportunity to "change the country".
The first minister criticised holding a UK election on the first week of Scotland's school holidays.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced the next UK general election will take place on 4 July.
An election has been called by Rishi Sunak sooner than many commentators and politicians had expected.
A clash with the actor has echoes of the macho tech giants of the past, says Zoe Kleinman.
Paula Vennells broke down several times during her evidence to the Horizon IT scandal inquiry.
Emergency services were called to the scene in Carlton-in-Cleveland on Wednesday afternoon.
New harrowing footage shows the moment Naama Levy and other women were seized by Hamas gunmen.
Kate Roughley is sentenced to 14 years for the manslaughter of nine-month-old Genevieve Meehan.
Scientists from Cambridge University find an ingenious way to decarbonise one of the world's most polluting materials. 
A painting of the Princess of Wales prompts a sceptical response on social media.
Aras Rudzianskas, 13, and David Radut, 14, got into difficulty in the River Tyne on Saturday.
Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay arrives in the Commons after losing his hands and feet to sepsis.
Prosecutors allege a “scramble" to ensure boxes containing sensitive material were moved “off-camera" at Mar-a-Lago.
Seventeen-year-old Victoria was last seen alive in the early hours of 19 September 1999 in Suffolk.
The air ambulance was called to the scene on the A227 near Meopham.
British Olympic swimming champion David Wilkie dies at the age of 70.
The Lib Dem leader says the Conservatives have taken people "for granted for so long".
The Green Party of England and Wales co-leader Carla Denyer claims people are not inspired by Labour.
Welsh parties make pitches to voters as Rishi Sunak kicks off general election campaign.
Stormont party members have been reacting to the news that a general election will be held on 4 July

How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The Israeli and Hamas leaders are suspected of committing war crimes during the continuing war in Gaza.
Raisi's death will test a system where hardliners dominate all branches of power, Lyse Doucet writes.
Taiwan's outgoing president says boosting her country's military was the only way to defy China's threat.
Thursday's front pages are dominated by Rishi Sunak's announcement of a general election on 4 July. 
Mandeep Dhillon has plenty of acting credits, but has just released Roll It Up - a personal, "deep song".
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville spent a month with revolutionary forces at jungle bases and on front lines in Myanmar.
The BBC's Henry Zeffman describes how Westminster gossip caused mass confusion among staff.
Chancellor Jeremy Hunt compared the UK economy with other countries. We've checked some of his claims.
Young people who were detained under Deprivation of Liberty orders speak about their experiences.
Declarations by Ireland, Spain and Norway will put pressure on other countries in Europe. 
A winemaker makes the extraordinary discovery of bones dating back 30,000 years ago during renovations.
Israel says the move will not create peace in the region and is playing into Hamas's hands. 
Richard Huckle died after an attack by an inmate at HMP Full Sutton in October 2019.
Crystal McKinney accuses Sean "Diddy" Combs of drugging and sexually assaulting her in 2003.
They are also suing 92 state police officers for "shocking and extensive" failures in the 2022 shooting.
Jersey politicians approve assisted dying plans for terminally ill by 32 votes to 14.
A top far-right German politician says he will pull back from campaigning for the EU elections.
Bayern Munich are in advanced talks with Burnley for the shock appointment of Vincent Kompany as their new coach.
Ademola Lookman etched himself into Atalanta folklore with a Europa League final hat-trick that he says didn’t catch him by surprise – although boss Gian Piero Gasperini admitted nobody could have expected his progress.
Bayer Leverkusen boss Xabi Alonso praises his side's "exceptional" record-breaking unbeaten run but says it hurts that it was ended in the Europa League final.
British Olympic swimming champion David Wilkie dies at the age of 70.
Star players have come and gone, but through Manchester United and Manchester City's Premier League rivalry, two local brothers have documented the characters and the chaos.
England's first T20 against Pakistan at Headingley is abandoned without a ball being bowled because of rain.
Rishi Sunak revealed the date in a rain-soaked Downing Street speech.
Rishi Sunak has called a General Election for July 4
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, but is still above the 2% target.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Bank of England interest rates affect mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
If the forecast proves correct, it would mean a typical annual bill could be £500 lower than last summer.
If you face disruption because flights are cancelled or delayed, then what can you do?
Given higher costs, some students are wondering whether going to university makes financial sense.
More than 10m people out of work in the UK, so if you're searching for a job you're not alone. Here are some tips on how to get started.
Parents in England can now access 15 hours of free weekly childcare for their two-year-olds.
Aras Rudzianskas, 13, and David Radut, 14, got into difficulty in the River Tyne on Saturday.
Stormont party members have been reacting to the news that a general election will be held on 4 July

The first minister criticised holding a UK election on the first week of Scotland's school holidays.
Welsh parties make pitches to voters as Rishi Sunak kicks off general election campaign.
The BBC spends a month inside Myanmar, where young medics, teachers and fighters are powering the revolution against the ruling military junta.

Rishi Sunak promises financial stability while Keir Starmer says a vote for him is vote for change.
Rishi Sunak's flagship ban on smoking for people born after 2009 runs out of time to pass into law.
The Army is accused of sexism after rejecting a teenager who may have a gene raising her risk of breast cancer.
Four people die and 21 are injured after a restaurant collapsed in Majorca, Spanish emergency services say.
Teenager Luke Littler continues his rise with his first major PDC title, beating Luke Humphries in the Premier League Darts final. 
Part of Tom Hadrys's bowel cut out during the operation was also left behind by the surgeon.
The star mocks his friend, as he presents him with a prestigious lifetime achievement award. 
Edinburgh city bypass was closed in both directions after more than a month's worth of rain fell in 36 hours.
Leah Harrison was taking part in a "forest walk" during a residential trip when she was killed.
A nine-year-old boy died from sepsis after doctors and nurses missed a "significant" GP note.
Oxford Action for Palestine organised a sit-in at university offices on Wellington Square.
A company claims Sean Kingston did not fully pay for a 232-inch television and sound system.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced the next UK general election will take place on 4 July.
Many Tories were blindsided by the PM's July election announcement - here is how the decision was made.
Politicians will vie for the attention of voters distracted by Euro 2024, Wimbledon and festivals.
Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey is calling for patients to have the right to see a GP within seven days.
Labour sees the beautiful game as key to winning back areas like Scunthorpe from the Conservatives.
The Reform Party leader says Rishi Sunak "bottled it" over calling a surprise general election for July.
On a visit to Barry the PM attacks Labour on motorists and NHS, but runs into trouble on football.
The Green Party of England and Wales co-leader Carla Denyer claims people are not inspired by Labour.
The first minister criticised holding a UK election on the first week of Scotland's school holidays.
Stormont's parties have long been preparing for this, but the date being confirmed will bring battle lines into focus.
On a visit to Barry the PM attacks Labour on motorists and NHS, but runs into trouble on football.
The Lib Dem leader says the Conservatives have taken people "for granted for so long".
Some party leaders say they are surprised by an election in six weeks time, others say they have been waiting patiently.
An election has been called by Rishi Sunak sooner than many commentators and politicians had expected.
The Labour leader says the general election would be an opportunity to "change the country".
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The Green Party of England and Wales co-leader Carla Denyer claims people are not inspired by Labour.
The first minister criticised holding a UK election on the first week of Scotland's school holidays.
Welsh parties make pitches to voters as Rishi Sunak kicks off general election campaign.
A clash with the actor has echoes of the macho tech giants of the past, says Zoe Kleinman.
The Israeli and Hamas leaders are suspected of committing war crimes during the continuing war in Gaza.
Raisi's death will test a system where hardliners dominate all branches of power, Lyse Doucet writes.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The star, fresh from a UK rail adventure for the BBC, talks identity, hate and saving the railway.
A rebel teacher using music to drown the din of war in the jungle talks to the BBC's Quentin Sommerville.
Seven years after making a poster warning about knife crime, Ethan's friend was stabbed to death.
Russia's president seems to be acting on the late Wagner chief's warnings, but in his own time.
After yet more rain this week, can we expect something brighter for the long weekend?
Politicians are shocked by an even more violent campaign than usual, particularly in Guerrero state.
Carlo Acutis, who was born in London, is set to become the first millennial to be canonised.
Footage emerged last week which showed rapper Diddy attacking the singer in 2016.
Reform leader Richard Tice says his party will contest 630 of the 650 seats up for grabs on 4 July.
Howard Michael Phillips, 64, was arrested in central London and is due in court on Thursday.
A boy's skull was fractured by a shot from an airgun as he climbed a fence to fetch his football. 
The Ghanaian toddler broke the record at the tender age of one year and 152 days.
West Ham midfielder Lucas Paqueta is charged by the FA for allegedly getting booked "for the improper purpose of affecting the betting market".
Teenager Luke Littler continues his rise with his first major PDC title, beating Luke Humphries in the Premier League Darts final. 
England comfortably beat Pakistan by 37 runs in the opening one-day international at Derby. 
Ipswich’s Kieran McKenna, Leicester's Enzo Maresca and Brentford’s Thomas Frank are on Chelsea's shortlist to replace Mauricio Pochettino.
Dash-cam footage shows World No. 1 golfer Scottie Scheffler arrested by Louisville Police.
Wayne Rooney is set to have talks with Championship side Plymouth Argyle about their vacant head coach role.
Watch the best of England's spin bowling highlights as Sophie Ecclestone and Charlie Dean take 5 wickets between them in England's 37 run win over Pakistan in the first ODI at Derby. 
Live Coverage of the General Election campaign for the 2024 election.
The leaders are off on the campaign trail
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, but is still above the 2% target.
Almost four million smart meters in Great Britain were not working at the end of 2023.
Bank of England interest rates affect mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
If the forecast proves correct, it would mean a typical annual bill could be £500 lower than last summer.
Leah Harrison was taking part in a "forest walk" during a residential trip when she was killed.
NI is due to host five matches at Casement Park in Belfast - but the stadium's future is uncertain.

Sir Keir Starmer and Rishi Sunak are hoping this election marks the end of an era of SNP domination.
Schools like Gareth Lewis's are responding to a squeeze on budgets, while others are cutting jobs.
The second full day of campaigning is marked by an exodus of MPs, including long-serving Mr Gove.
In a dramatic move, the court supported a South African request to get Israel to halt its operation.
The BBC's Fergal Keane returns to South Africa to follow up on a woman's story that stuck with him for over 30 years.
Race Across the World's Betty opened up about Mayer Rokitansky Küster Hauser, which affects one in 5,000 women.
The trial of a former minister who killed his wife has gripped millions and ushered in a new law.
A plant picked for its beautiful flowers then wiped out in the UK mainland makes a dramatic return.
Move comes after some speakers pulled out due to the company's links to Israel and fossil fuel firms.
Ms Vennells gave testimony over three days, watched by those affected by the Post Office scandal.
A leading think tank warns more tax rises or cuts to public services could lie ahead.
The actor was charged earlier this year over the fatal shooting of a cinematographer on a film set in 2021.
The sketch artists at Trump's trial have covered decades of high-profile cases. The former president's was unlike all others.
The landslide struck in the early hours, burying 100 houses in six highland villages.
Becky Hill, Ella Henderson, Rudimental and Nathan Dawe also performed through the day on the Main Stage.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is preparing for Saturday's FA Cup final not knowing whether reports he will be sacked are true.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
As is often the case in political campaigns, things don’t always stick to the script.
Tory MP Craig Mackinlay returned to Parliament this week after disease led to amputation of his hands and feet.
The Labour leader outlined his vision at a Scottish campaign launch event in Glasgow.
The Conservatives are pushing for six TV debates, but Labour officials will only commit to two run by the BBC and ITV.
The former Labour leader will run as an independent in the London seat he has represented since 1983.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced the UK general election will take place on 4 July.
Some party leaders say they are surprised by an election in six weeks time, others say they have been waiting patiently.
Sir Keir Starmer and Rishi Sunak are hoping this election marks the end of an era of SNP domination.
Michael Gove's decision to step back from Westminster as an MP leads on many of Saturday's front pages.
The author discusses free speech, her latest novel and Shakespeare theories at the Hay Festival.
The BBC spends a month inside Myanmar, where young medics, teachers and fighters are powering the revolution against the ruling military junta.

From karate champions to resistance fighters - Quentin Sommerville meets rebels off-grid in Myanmar.
Israel condemns a ruling by the International Court of Justice ordering it to stop its offensive.
After yet more rain this week, can we expect something brighter for the long weekend?
Paula Vennells faced three days of questions about her role in the wrongful prosecution of hundreds of sub-postmasters.
Reviews describe the Spider-Man star's performance on stage as "good", "fine" and "perfectly OK".
Immigration staff are in training to put detainees on to planes - but will the Rwanda plan survive the election? 
A child has died after falling from a flat in south-east London, the Met Police says.
The Scottish Police Federation said fan zones could limit impact of celebrations on businesses and residents.
The lawsuit accuses the rapper of battery, sexual assault and negligent infliction of emotional distress.
Her three-year-old son Dwelaniyah suffered extensive burns in the weeks before she murdered him.
Punters are likely not getting the full amount of alcohol they are paying for, a new study suggests.
The film-maker famously lived on a diet of McDonald’s food for an entire month for the 2004 movie.
The Army had been accused of sexism after rejecting a teen who may have a gene raising her risk of breast cancer.
Jeremy Vine sued Joey Barton for libel and harassment over a series of social media posts.
The three male victims were among 252 people taken hostage when Hamas attacked Israel on 7 October.
Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is preparing for Saturday's FA Cup final not knowing whether reports he will be sacked are true.
Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc is “miles ahead” of the field at the Monaco Grand Prix, world champion Max Verstappen said after Friday practice.
Sharks become the first South African side to win a European trophy as they outmuscle Gloucester 36-22 to claim the Challenge Cup title.
Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag's future is a huge talking point in the build-up to the 2024 FA Cup final while Manchester City will be chasing more history.
Wayne Rooney is expected to be confirmed as the head coach of Championship side Plymouth on Saturday after holding talks about the vacancy.
Andrea Spendolini-Sirieix wins the women's 10m platform event at the British Diving Championships.
Follow continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign.
And, Nooo Jeremy Corbyn for Labour
A child has died after falling from a flat in south-east London, the Met Police says.
Ali Jayden Doyle died from head injuries she sustained in Dungannon in August 2021.
The Scottish Police Federation said fan zones could limit impact of celebrations on businesses and residents.
Amy Stead is awarded more than £500,000 five years after she suffered severe injuries in childbirth.
Every 18-year-old would choose between joining the military or volunteering one weekend a month in the community.
Rishi Sunak and Keir Starmer hit the campaign trail as their parties face questions over key policies.
They may start the election in very different political positions but the PM and the Labour leader are similar characters.
This subject will be on the table when EU and Middle Eastern foreign ministers meet.
The rapper was due to play a concert at Manchester's Co-op Live venue.
Emergency services are at the scene of the crash near RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire.
Aitch, Mabel, Rag'n'Bone Man and Griff also performed through the day on the Main Stage.
The BBC star also discussed his family, who came to the UK as part of the Windrush generation.
Volunteers spent 700 hours using replica tools and fire to carve out the Bronze Age-style log boats.
Richard Sherman composed scores for Mary Poppins and the Jungle Book, amassing Oscars and Grammy awards with his brother.
The fire broke out in a gaming zone in the western state of Gujarat
National Highways shares video of three dangerous driving incidents to coincide with a safety initiative.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Whoever wins July's general election, there will be a significant number of new faces in the House of Commons.
Bills to quash Post Office convictions and provide compensation for blood scandal victims were approved.
The prime minister was meeting constituents when one remarked on the weather when he announced the election.
A leading think tank warns more tax rises or cuts to public services could lie ahead.
The ruling ANC party has not delivered the change in South Africa that some had hoped for.
News of Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford announcing their divorce feature on many of Sunday's papers.
Far-right parties are on the rise and could become a powerful force in the European Parliament.
Live facial recognition is becoming increasingly common on UK high streets. Should we be worried?
Politicians are using data to plan their campaigns - and hopefully win their seats.
The UK festival will include films featuring actors Riz Ahmed and Nabhaan Rizwan.
Dr Otung says acting in Michael Sheen's play Nye gives her hope for the future of the NHS.
While fans can't get enough of pop stars at stadium tours, things do not look so rosy for movie stars.
The trial of a former minister who killed his wife has gripped millions and ushered in a new law.
Ms Vennells gave testimony over three days, watched by those affected by the Post Office scandal.
Israeli protesters have tried to block border crossings, or even attacked aid convoys bound for Gaza.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said over 200 people could have been inside the home improvement shop.
US golfer Grayson Murray has died at the age of 30, the PGA Tour announces.
One woman has died and a second is in a serious condition in hospital after the attack on Friday.
The couple previously presented ITV's This Morning and were married for 14 years.
The author discusses free speech, her latest novel and Shakespeare theories at the Hay Festival.
It marks the sixth consecutive year Royal Mail has fallen short of its postal targets.
The relationship between early fish and chip shops and wider society is explored in an exhibition.
Jason Campbell pays tribute to Renoy Ellis, 12, who died after he fell from a flat in south London.
The festival on a farm that organisers hope is bringing positivity to the Port Talbot area. 
Was Manchester United's stunning FA Cup win over Manchester City at Wembley manager Erik ten Hag's farewell?
Rangers might have played well, but Celtic showed them how to get the job done again at Hampden, writes Tom English.
Jofra Archer takes two wickets in his first international for more than a year as England begin their World Cup preparations with a 23-run victory over Pakistan in the second T20 at Edgbaston.
Watch highlights as Manchester United edge past Manchester City to win their 13th FA Cup after first-half goals from Alejandro Garnacho and Kobbie Mainoo.
Charles Leclerc said after taking pole position for the Monaco Grand Prix that he had dreamt of winning his home race “since being a kid”.
Barcelona will 'go down in history' after defending their Women's Champions League title, says England defender Lucy Bronze.
Why Michael Gove is leaving, the voting age and cake...
A new energy price cap means the cost of electricity and gas will fall from 1 July.
One woman has died and a second is in a serious condition in hospital after the attack on Friday.
The crashes occurred on the Newry Road, Poyntzpass, on Friday evening and Banbridge Road, Rathriland, on Saturday morning.
Allegations from three women against David Broadway are proven to have amounted to gross misconduct.
The Hamas-run health ministry in Gaza says 50 people were killed and scores injured. 
The shadow chancellor told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg she would face "difficult decisions" on spending.
The government has confirmed no one will be forced to do military training under the £2.5bn scheme.
A day of sunshine and rain also saw Sabrina Carpenter, Vampire Weekend and Olly Alexander perform.
A 34-year-old woman died at the scene in Bournemouth and another woman was seriously injured.
The American rapper was forced to cancel her gig in Manchester following her arrest at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport.
British event rider Georgie Campbell dies after falling from her horse at the Bicton International Horse Trials in Devon.
The biggest increase is among the over 80s, with a marked rise in cases in adults aged 25-49.
Dublin Airport says the Boeing 787-9 dreamliner experienced turbulence while airborne over Turkey.
Soaring insurance costs have pushed up service charges over the past few years, a trade body says.
The land is still sliding and rescue is difficult, the head of the UN migration agency says.
Andy Murray and Jack Draper both lose as the British campaign at the French Open gets off to an inauspicious start.
Powerful storms devastate areas in Texas, Arkansas and Oklahoma and leave hundreds of thousands without power.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak needs a record campaign swing to win in July, says polling expert Sir John Curtice.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced the UK general election will take place on 4 July.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Leader Alex Cole-Hamilton said dental services were being 'neglected' on both sides of the border.
They may start the election in very different political positions but the PM and the Labour leader are similar characters.
National service will engage young people in society again, says Home Secretary James Cleverly.
It's been a historic event filled with salacious detail, but polls suggest a strange level of detachment.
Monday's papers continue to focus on the Conservatives' national service plan, as well as bank holiday weather.
A selection of the best images from members of the British Press Photographers' Association on show in London.
Judith Gates is campaigning for radical changes around heading in the beautiful game.
High-tech drones help Ukraine's defenders - but they say they need more support from allies.
Hannah Hall says pigeons are seen as vermin, and mistreated, but she is trying to change that.
This subject will be on the table when EU and Middle Eastern foreign ministers meet.
A look back at Gloucestershire's famous cheese rolling over the decades. 
The aircraft crashed in a field close to RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire on Saturday.
The parents of Grayson Murray say the golfer "took his own life", after the PGA Tour announced the American had died aged 30.
Manchester turns blue as City supporters celebrate  their record-breaking Premier League title win.
The Scottish Labour leader was earlier accused of hypocrisy after saying not all staff at the business currently received the rate.
Nigerian officials say gunmen spent hours in the village and had time to drink tea before abducting people.
Exploration of a 300-year-old wreck in the Caribbean Sea with an estimate £16bn trove starts.
Andy Murray and Jack Draper both lose as the British campaign at the French Open gets off to an inauspicious start.
Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc said he had “tears in my eyes” as he was on the verge of completing his “ultimate dream”. 
The future of manager Erik ten Hag will be discussed when senior figures at Manchester United begin conducting an end of season review this week.
Watch Kansas City Royals pitcher Chris Stratton make a no-look catch during the Major League Baseball game against the Tampa Bay Rays.
British event rider Georgie Campbell dies after falling from her horse at the Bicton International Horse Trials in Devon.
A 34-year-old woman died at the scene in Bournemouth and another woman was seriously injured.
Police are currently at the scene of a stabbing in the Upper Water Street area of Newry.
The Scottish Labour leader was earlier accused of hypocrisy after saying not all staff at the business currently received the rate.
George says he could not complete the process quickly enough and Ticketmaster timed out.
Scores were killed in the camp for displaced Palestinians which Israel says targeted  "senior Hamas terrorists".
The Conservatives pledge to raise the tax-free pension allowance by at least 2.5% a year if they win the election.
More than 120 bosses endorse Labour's economic plans ahead of the election saying it is “time for a change”.
Lucy Allan says she quit the Conservatives in order to endorse Reform's Alan Adams.

The rapper reschedules her Manchester show following her arrest in the Netherlands. 
Thousands gather at the Gloucestershire landmark to see competitors chase a wheel of cheese.
Ports are spending millions to prepare for a new European Union border IT system amid travel delay warnings.
Sqn Ldr Mark Long was killed when the Spitfire he was flying crashed in a field in Lincolnshire.
More than 2,000 people are feared to be buried alive, though the exact toll has been hard to establish. 
The Pope was speaking at a meeting of bishops on whether gay men should be allowed to become priests.
Mr Zelenksy said there needed to be "tangible coercion of Russia" into peace by Kyiv's allies. 
Georgie Palmer claims her family were ejected for asking people not to eat peanuts.
Bette Nash began working with the forerunner of American Airlines in 1957 and never retired from the job.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Young people are split by the Conservative's pledge to introduce national service for 18-year-olds.
Sir Ed Davey has predicted his party will overtake the SNP to become the UK's third largest party.
The government has confirmed no one will be forced to do military training under the £2.5bn scheme.
A range of voices discuss whether we need a special day for commemoration.
Many of Tuesday's front pages are dominated by Sir Keir Starmer's pitch to voters and Rishi Sunak's tax cut for pensioners.
Women share their stories of how they feel renting has held them back in life.
The two clues that helped a Danish gem collector with a photographic memory crack open the case.
Israeli settlers went on a violent rampage last month, inciting and co-ordinating attacks on WhatsApp.
The jury in Mr Trump's hush-money case will soon begin deliberations. So what could happen next?
The mayor and fortune teller are both being kept in prison under judicial investigation. 
Soaring insurance costs have pushed up service charges over the past few years, a trade body says.
The Labour leader tells voters to trust him as he makes his first big speech of the general election campaign.
The Conservatives have given more details of their plan for 30,000 young people to work with the military.
Rafael Nadal's return to the French Open - and possible farewell - is over as the 14-time champion loses to German fourth seed Alexander Zverev.
General Hospital and Siberia actor Johnny Wactor was killed on Saturday in LA, his family confirms.
Chris visits Keir Starmer’s hometown as Rishi Sunak hits the football pitch
Reports say there was an exchange of fire in a rare deadly incident between the two countries.
Amie Gray, 34, died following the attack on Durley Chine Beach in Bournemouth on Friday.
Rafael Nadal says he is likely to skip Wimbledon in order to protect his body and achieve his goal of playing at this year's Olympics.
Aston Villa manager Unai Emery signs a new five-year contract with the club after taking them into next season's Champions League.
Chelsea are in talks to appoint Leicester City manager Enzo Maresca as the replacement for Mauricio Pochettino.
Rachel Furness was Northern Ireland's award-winning record goalscorer but everything was not right in her world. This is why she walked away, and why she came back
British number one Cameron Norrie is knocked out in the first round of the French Open with a five-set defeat by Russian Pavel Kotov.
In episode six of the Tooney and Russo Show, Alessia and Ella recall the time they hid Georgia Stanway in a suitcase.
England captain Jos Buttler could miss Tuesday's third T20 against Pakistan for the birth of his third child. 
The iconic institution is scrambling to protect its reputation after alleged thefts
Georgie Palmer claims her family were ejected for asking people not to eat peanuts.
The incident happened in the Upper Water Street area of Newry on Sunday night.
The Scottish Labour leader was accused of hypocrisy after saying not all staff at the business received the rate.
The MP said he had changed his mind about standing in the general election after talks with family.
But it is not clear whether the ex-shadow home secretary will stand for Labour at the election.
Witnesses report seeing Israeli tanks in the centre of the city on Tuesday. 
Nigel Farage has made it his life’s work to disrupt - and he reckons he is not done yet, writes Chris Mason.
The Conservatives say they would replace some degrees with 100,000 new apprenticeships per year.
Party pledges to achieve goal within five years as it sets out steps to tackle backlog in England.
After weeks of blockbuster testimony, the defence and prosecution both spoke directly to the jury, summarising their cases
The BBC can reveal insulation fitted under government schemes could have failed in hundreds of thousands of homes.
Pope Francis has apologised after an alleged slur he made against gay men became public.
Amie Gray, 34, died following the attack on Durley Chine Beach in Bournemouth on Friday.
A BBC investigation has discovered guides for sale online that detail how to trick and blackmail victims.
Europe's Earthcare satellite will tell us if the planet could lose the cooling effect of clouds.
It is unclear when the US military's floating pier off Gaza's coast will resume operations. 
Oliver White, 27, was found dead a day after being assaulted during a robbery at a London jewellers.
Police had been investigating the deputy Labour leader over a house in Stockport she sold in 2015.
The Conservatives pledge to raise the tax-free pension allowance by at least 2.5% a year if they win the election.
The party's honorary president says the election had got off to the "dullest start" and attacks a "lack of debate".
Sir Ed Davey says his party would put environmental experts on water company boards.
The BBC unveils its presenter line-up for election night on Thursday 4 July.
Young people are split by the Conservative's pledge to introduce national service for 18-year-olds.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Labour's deputy leader has been embroiled in a row over her living arrangements before she was an MP.
The composure Ukrainians show in the face of Russian attacks cannot conceal the dangers Kyiv faces in the summer ahead.
A verdict could come this week - the former president's conviction or acquittal, or there could be a mistrial.
As India holds an election, all eyes are on Uttar Pradesh, a state with more people than Brazil.
Last week the UN's top court delivered the latest in a series of contested rulings in a case brought by S Africa.
Declarations by Ireland, Spain and Norway will put pressure on other countries in Europe. 
A week on, passengers and family reveal to the BBC what happened on flight SQ321.
Thorpe Park says it is "unable to commit" to reopening the ride before 8 June.
Risks of peanut allergy cut by 71% in teenagers who had peanut as a baby.
NFL player Brandon McManus has denied the sexual assault allegations made by two flight attendants.
Czech entrepreneur and billionaire Daniel Kretinsky will firm up an offer of £5bn for the company.
Gavin and Stacey creator Ruth Jones says the news leaking about the finale meant she "had to lie".
The Ukrainian president says his US counterpart's absence would "only be applauded by Putin". 
Around 2,000 people in Papua New Guinea are thought to have been buried, with further landslides feared.

Novak Djokovic begins his French Open title defence with a solid if not spectacular victory over home hope Pierre-Hugues Herbert.
The third T20 between England and Pakistan was abandoned without a ball bowled because of rain in Cardiff.
Dan Evans and Katie Boulter both exited the French Open at the first-round stage to leave Britain without any representatives in the main singles draw.
American golfer Lexi Thompson confirms she will retire at the end of the 2024 LPGA Tour season.
Everton are interested in signing midfielder Kalvin Phillips on a season-long loan deal from Premier League champions Manchester City.
American player Danielle Collins has enjoyed one of the finest seasons of her career. In her first BBC Sport column, she explains why she is retiring.
The Monday Night Club team debate Erik ten Hag’s position as Manchester United manager after his side finished their season by lifting the FA Cup.
And, Angela Rayner to face no further police action in council house row
Pickers earn as little as a dollar a day, while huge profits are made in the industry
Payments to pensioners have risen by 8.5% following the government's "triple lock" pledge.
Oliver White, 27, was found dead a day after being assaulted during a robbery at a London jewellers.
The UUP and SDLP refused to back the budget, the first to be passed by MLAs in three years.
Former health secretary Michael Matheson stood down over an £11,000 bill racked up on his parliamentary iPad. 
The Welsh Tories are said to be very likely to table a motion against the first minister.
It comes amid a row over whether the party will select the veteran Labour MP to run at the election.
Here's what could happen next in the former president's hush-money trial as the first day of deliberations concludes.
Oliver White was working alone at a luxury watch shop when two men put him in a chokehold and stole stock.
The family of personal trainer Amie Gray say their hearts are "forever broken".
Tzachi Hanegbi also says Israel now controls 75% of the buffer zone along the Gaza-Egypt border.
Police were called to Kingsland High Street, in Hackney, at about 21:20 BST, after reports of gunshots. 
North Korea sends at least 260 balloons into the South, scattering suspected excrement and rubbish.
A popular tourist resort was evacuated after a 2.5km-long fissure opened up, which may be “growing”.
The BBC addresses reports about Giovanni Pernice's alleged teaching methods on Strictly Come Dancing.
Votes are being counted after the most closely fought election since the ANC came to power 30 years ago.
Dutch carrier KLM says it is taking care of passengers and employees who witnessed the incident.
Mr Kingston will be extradited from California to Florida to face allegations of fraud and theft.
Malcolm Fairley, jailed for life for 81 violent sexual offences, dies aged 72. 
The Brighton Kemptown MP says he will be "exonerated" but has been told he can not stand as a Labour candidate. 
Lib Dems to triple taxes on social media giants to fund mental health professionals in all schools. 
The party wants to put more police in communities and "rebuild safety on Britain's streets".
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Nigel Farage has made it his life’s work to disrupt - and he reckons he is not done yet, writes Chris Mason.
Rishi Sunak and Sir Keir Starmer will face each other in a head-to-head debate hosted by ITV on 4 June.
The FM has written to the prime minister and Sir Keir Starmer and urged the UK to follow countries like Ireland.
It comes amid a row over whether the party will select the veteran Labour MP to run at the election.
Many of Thursday's front pages lead with Labour MP Diane Abbott's first public comments after a row erupted over her selection. 
The city's most prominent opposition figures will soon have their fate decided after years in jail.
The BBC's Jeremy Bowen explains why there could be a dangerous summer ahead in Ukraine.
The BBC can reveal insulation fitted under government schemes could have failed in hundreds of thousands of homes.
Some of the contesants think the "relatable" show offers amazing insights into other people's lives.
The list includes what is believed to be the world’s first purpose-built amusement park.
American player Danielle Collins has enjoyed one of the finest seasons of her career. In her first BBC Sport column, she explains why she is retiring.
Each year, people gather to watch the Sun as it sets between the city's skyscrapers.
A number of homeless people have been sent out of Edinburgh to make way for tourists ahead of the Eras tour dates.
The Indian capital's power demand also soars to an all-time high as residents try to cope with the heat.
Ministers accuse doctors' union of "cynical" tactics with walkout due to start on 27 June in England.
A woman who spent 36 hours on a trolley waits more than a week for admission to a stroke unit.
Tom Parry, 49, and 12-year-old Richie were due to return home to Cheshire on Wednesday after visiting Glen Nevis and Glencoe.
The Household Cavalry horses became spooked at the sound of a loud noise and fled through London.
"Left-field" choice Vincent Kompany has been handed the reigns at Bayern Munich and will be under pressure to restore former glories of the Bundesliga giants.
Iga Swiatek rebukes the French Open crowd for making noise during points, a day after David Goffin said he had chewing gum spat at him.
Kylian Mbappe wasn't always the best footballing prospect. But he, and his family, had the clearest plan. Real Madrid is the final step towards an awesome goal.
Rory McIlroy says the death of golfer Grayson Murray offers a reminder that the sport "pales in comparison" to what is most important in life.
Lyon boss Sonia Bompastor is confirmed as Chelsea's new manager, but what can fans expect from Emma Hayes' successor?
Nat Sciver-Brunt's unbeaten century leads England to a 178-run thrashing in the third ODI to seal a series win against Pakistan.
Follow continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign.
Keir Starmer denies Diane Abbott is barred from standing for Labour
The family of personal trainer Amie Gray say their hearts are "forever broken".
Details emerged as Caoimhe Morgan's killer was told he would serve at least 17 years in prison. 
The former health secretary - who racked up an £11,000 data bill - will not be paid his salary for 54 days.
In the last decade four reviews have outlined changes to be made by Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board.
He becomes the first former - or serving - president to be convicted of a crime, as he bids to return to the White House.
There is no precedent for this moment - but we will have to wait until November to know the real impact.
Donald Trump has been convicted on 34 counts of falsifying business records. So what happens next?
The former US president was found guilty on all 34 counts on Thursday.
Trump's lack of a counter-narrative was among the problems that stymied the defence, some say.
Donald Trump was "the stillest" she had seen when the verdicts were read, the BBC's Kayla Epstein says.
Mark Logan, who is standing down as an MP, says the Tory Party is "unrecognisable" from a decade ago.

 
The Labour leader is facing a backlash over claims he is freezing out left-wing election candidates.
The US gives Ukraine permission to use US-supplied weapons to strike targets in Russia, but only near Kharkiv. 
Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has pledged that green energy projects would be kickstarted across the country within months.
He plans to create a publicly-owned company, Great British Energy, should Labour win the general election in July.

The party also says it will create a new law to evict repeat offenders from social housing.
Thousands of people in England are set to get access to a new type of treatment to fight their disease.
The New York Times, Wordle's owner, accuses similarly-named geography game of "creating confusion."
The James Webb Space Telescope smashes its own record for detecting the most distant known galaxy.
Sawa Pontyjska is one of several film festival guests filmed in encounters with a security guard.
Oliver White, 27, was assaulted during a robbery at a London jewellers and a day later found dead.
The ANC could lose its majority in parliament for the first time since the end of apartheid 30 years ago.
Witnesses at public hearings in Kenya make allegations against British soldiers at a base in Nanyuki.
After record local election gains, the Greens are aiming for four MPs in their "most ambitious" campaign.
The SNP claim young Scots have been let down by Westminster, citing Brexit and austerity measures.
Plaid Cymru is launching its general election campaign, promising a "positive alternative".
Promises by the Conservatives and Labour on tax are similar but reality will emerge after 4 July.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Companies would pay a higher rate of employee National Insurance on workers from abroad, under the plan.
Lib Dems to triple taxes on social media giants to fund mental health professionals in all schools. 
It comes as the two main parties traded blows over their spending plans.
Labour's Diane Abbott has accused her party of getting rid of left-wing candidates like herself.
Faiza Shaheen says she's been told she will not be Labour's candidate in Chingford and Woodford Green after allegedly liking anti-Semitic posts on X.
The Brighton Kemptown MP says he will be "exonerated" but has been told he can not stand as a Labour candidate. 
The former Labour leader will stand against the party he led from 2015 to 2020 to contest Islington North.
The party wants to put more police in communities and "rebuild safety on Britain's streets".
Nigel Farage has made it his life’s work to disrupt - and he reckons he is not done yet, writes Chris Mason.
Rishi Sunak and Sir Keir Starmer will face each other in a head-to-head debate hosted by ITV on 4 June.
The FM has written to the prime minister and Sir Keir Starmer and urged the UK to follow countries like Ireland.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced the UK general election will take place on 4 July.
It comes amid a row over whether the party will select the veteran Labour MP to run at the election.
With the far right set to gain in European elections, is the extreme becoming mainstream in Italy?
The composure Ukrainians show in the face of Russian attacks cannot conceal the dangers Kyiv faces in the summer ahead.
A range of voices discuss whether we need a special day for commemoration.
Friday's front pages are dominated by Donald Trump's fraud conviction. 
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
This extraordinary discovery was made by chance, during one man’s birthday stroll on the mountains of Colorado.
Instagram is the latest battleground for caste identities - and the players are young Indian women.
Holly Smales' acclaimed book series has been developed by Netflix into a ten-part Netflix drama.
An AI-generated image with the text “All eyes on Rafah” has been shared more than 45 million times.
Ravinder Naga says he confessed to stealing £35,000 from his mother's post office in Greenock to save her from prison. 
Slow income growth should be tackled with policies to improve productivity, a report suggests.
The 38-year-old says the condition, which she had in her teens, "destroyed" her bones and heart.
The "innocent victim" was among four people hurt in a shooting outside an east London restaurant.
An organised gang falsely claimed more than £50m using a huge bank of phones and faked details.
Eurostar said there was a technical problem with UK Border Force e-gates at Gare du Nord.
A constable and his police colleague wife are jailed after admitting misconduct in a public office.
The family of a dad and son from Cheshire who went missing in the Scottish Highlands have been informed.
England sign off for the T20 World Cup with a seven-wicket thrashing of Pakistan at The Oval.
Football's world governing body Fifa is warned players are willing to go on strike if they continue to be overworked.
Great Britain's Matthew Hudson-Smith beats his own 400m European record with a convincing victory in his season opener at the Diamond League in Oslo.
England's Lauren James is ruled out of their Euro 2025 qualifiers against France due to a foot injury.
Jofra Archer looks like he has never been away while Mark Wood finds form to bring the "excitement" to England's T20 World Cup defence.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic moves efficiently through the gears to beat Spain’s Roberto Carballes Baena and reach the French Open third round.
Watch as England's Mark Wood delivers a blistering ball which leads to Azam Khan's dismissal, leaving Pakistan on 86-5 in the fourth T20 at The Oval.
Follow continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign.
Former Conservative MP backs Labour
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
People claiming universal credit and working under 18 hours a week will have to look for more work.
Payments to pensioners have risen by 8.5% following the government's "triple lock" pledge.
A further 2p cut in National Insurance for 27 million workers has come into effect.
A new energy price cap means the cost of electricity and gas will fall from 1 July.
Almost four million smart meters in Great Britain were not working at the end of 2023.
Oliver White, 27, was assaulted during a robbery at a London jewellers and a day later found dead.
The discovery of asbestos at the fire site means the Limavady street will stay closed into Friday.
The festival said it could not safely go ahead in August after threats of disruption from climate activists.
The first step towards the Welsh valleys getting its own underground starts on Sunday.
It would begin with a six-week ceasefire and the withdrawal of IDF forces from populated areas. 
The Labour leader endorses Diane Abbott to be Labour candidate in Hackney North and Stoke Newington.
The furore over Diane Abbott has exposed long-running divisions in the Labour Party
A video posted on social media claims to show Jon Benjamin aiming a weapon at another man, while looking down the rifle's sight.
Nasen Saadi is charged with murder and attempted murder after two women were stabbed on a beach at night.
Thrillseekers are frustrated after Hyperia at Thorpe Park closed just one day after opening.
The fight between YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul and former world champion Mike Tyson on 20 July has been postponed.
The star claims he will kill off his alter ego on his forthcoming album, The Death of Slim Shady.
We asked independent voters and Republicans who have doubts about Trump if conviction changes anything.
Russia accuses Nato and the US of "provoking a new level of tension" over the use of Western-supplied weapons.
The Israeli team was then led off the pitch at the match which is being played behind closed doors at Hampden stadium
Robinson was a well-known fixture at the White House during the eight years of Barack Obama's administration between 2009 and 2017. 
Mira Solmaz defrauded two vulnerable patients in her care, one of whom died in hospital.
Parties are looking to shift ground – and the key issue is economic growth. 
BBC Verify examines the claims over the party's plan to stop using fossil fuels for electricity by 2030.
From paddleboarding to waterslides, the party hopes their antics will get coverage for their policies.
Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has announced the UK general election will take place on 4 July.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Locals in some of the world's tourism hotspots say they are being overwhelmed. What can be done about it?
With the far right set to gain in European elections, is the extreme becoming mainstream in Italy?
Mr Trump second son was the only relation in the courtroom. His wife and eldest daughter have largely remained silent.
This extraordinary discovery was made by chance, during one man’s birthday stroll on the mountains of Colorado.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
The ANC's free-fall, the return of Jacob Zuma and a new era of coalitions.
Claudia Sheinbaum and Xóchitl Gálvez are election front-runners in a deeply patriarchal society.
Holly Smales' acclaimed book series has been developed by Netflix into a ten-part Netflix drama.
Parts of the UK could have seen their wettest spring on record. Chris Fawkes looks back at the conditions we've seen and what might be in store for summer. 
Their data is being sold online by the same gang who this week claimed to have hacked Ticketmaster.
Bruhat Soma correctly spelled words like ‘caixinha’ and ‘sciniph’ to take home the $50,000 prize.
Pilot Sqn Ldr Mark Long died when the Spitfire he was flying crashed in Lincolnshire.
Tom Parry and his son Richie, from Cheshire, fell while on a hillwalking trip in the Highlands.
The court rejected a challenge brought by women who say they were denied medically necessary abortions.
Katherine Hill is jailed for 30 months after recruiting her father to help defraud her daughters.
Thousands of people in England are set to get access to a new type of treatment to fight their disease.
Defending champions England are left with work to do to qualify for the Women's 2025 European Championships after an "unnecessary" defeat by France in Newcastle. 
Premiership table-toppers Northampton Saints hold on to seal their place in the grand final with a 22-20 win over Saracens.
Andrey Rublev says his behaviour in his third-round French Open loss - where he slammed a racquet on court and on his knee - was the worst it has been at a Grand Slam.
Watch the best of the action as Scotland beat Israel 4-1 after protester disruption  to move top of their Euro 2025 qualifying group. (Available to UK users only)
Follow continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign.
Plus, Abbott takes big step to be Labour candidate
The former president has been convicted on all counts in historic criminal trial.
The cost-of-living crisis continues to bite. Here are some things that can reduce the impact.
Thrillseekers are frustrated after Hyperia at Thorpe Park closed just one day after opening.
Organ donor figures rise in the first year of a new law inspired by a seven-year-old Belfast boy.
Scotland now has four low emissions zones after Aberdeen and Edinburgh joined Dundee and Glasgow.
Many young people find aims like buying a home are way behind where their parents were at same age.
Cyril Ramaphosa has led the ruling ANC to its worst result since it won the first democratic vote in 1994.
The Prince of Wales is sharing the burden with his father more than ever. What does he want to achieve?
Labour say they'll give businesses more flexibility on how they spend apprenticeships levy funding.
The party says allowing pharmacies to treat more conditions will also free up GP appointments.
More than 2,000 police officers were on duty for the Champions League final and earlier protests.
Israel's PM says war in Gaza will not end until Hamas is defeated and all hostages returned.
The Australian actor speaks about her career, childhood and recent book with Desert Island Discs.
Evan Davis on common features shared by business leaders with a flourishing enterprise to their names.
Donald Trump's lawyer Alina Habba tells the BBC he would run for president even if he was in jail.
Supermodel sisters Bella and Gigi Hadid donate 1m dollars to Palestinian aid agencies
Exit polls say Mr Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party is on course to win India's general election.
Bren Orton, from Warrington, disappeared while kayaking in Switzerland.
Keir Starmer has been accused of freezing out left-wingers and promoting his supporters to stand for Labour.
The two main parties unveiled their battlebuses as the campaigns focused on the economy.
The party say rising ticket and streaming prices mean many people are locked out of watching the best teams.
The furore over Diane Abbott has exposed long-running divisions in the Labour Party
And how did it cause Starmer’s first stumble?
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Leader George Galloway says Labour's Keir Starmer is "indistinguishable" from Rishi Sunak.


The border had been modified, simplified and repackaged in subsequent deals but is still there.
Labour's election strategy and Stormy Daniels' reaction to the Donald Trump conviction feature across Sunday's papers.
Real Madrid show they are the masters of the Champions League high-wire act as Borussia Dortmund are beaten at Wembley, writes Phil McNulty.
The latest Russian advance in the Kharkiv region has convinced Kyiv’s allies to change their policy.
The star claims he will kill off his alter ego on his forthcoming album, The Death of Slim Shady.
Thrillseekers are frustrated after Hyperia at Thorpe Park closed just one day after opening.
We asked independent voters and Republicans who have doubts about Trump if conviction changes anything.
How a physicist and engineer worked on secret projects to make sure D-Day went ahead 80 years ago. 
Estonia is pouring money and weapons into Ukraine’s war effort to try to push back the Russians.
Shiloh Nouvel Jolie-Pitt has filed to change her name amid ongoing legal battle between her parents.
The mission hopes to bring rocks back to earth from the far side of the Moon for the first time.
Aidan O'Brien says City of Troy is the best horse he has trained for the Derby after the favourite gives him a 10th win in the race.
Ticket firm Live Nation says the singer is " taking time off to be with her children, family and close friends".
South Korea's military has warned people to avoid touching the balloons and report them to authorities.
Real Madrid show they are the masters of the Champions League high-wire act as Borussia Dortmund are beaten at Wembley, writes Phil McNulty.
Jude Bellingham says he "couldn't have dreamed it better" after ending his first season with Real Madrid by winning the Champions League.
Bath beat Sale 31-23 in an enthralling semi-final to set up a Premiership final against Northampton Saints.
Watch the highlights as Leeds Rhinos move up to sixth in Super League as they end a two-game losing run by comfortably beating Castleford Tigers 32-4.
Alex Forsyth presents political discussion from Shiplake Memorial Hall in Oxfordshire.
Nasen Saadi is charged with murder and attempted murder after two women were stabbed on a beach at night.
Three trade unions had planned to take action over pay and grading on Monday.
Scottish Tory leader Douglas Ross backs the prime minister's £20m pledge to 30 UK towns.
Ellie cannot claim through her warranty after she found a fault on her second hand car.
The Leeds Rhinos star was diagnosed with motor neurone disease two years after he retired from playing, following a stellar 17-year career.
A BBC project investigates the election content promoted by social media by tracking dozens of phones.
A seven-party debate is to be held on Friday, before a Question Time special and head-to-head event.
The veteran politician says she intends to run for Labour at the election after a bitter selection row.
Vaughan Gething rejected an offer from a senior Welsh Labour figure to help repay the cash given to his campaign.
Ten finalists, including a choir and a magician, will compete in Sunday night's live final.
The White House believes Hamas has been weakened to a point that it cannot repeat the 7 October attack. 
The former president says he is "okay" with the possibility of being jailed after his New York conviction.
Many people are being treated in places not designed for patients, the Royal College of Nursing says.
The 93-year-old tied the knot with his new wife Elena Zhukova in a ceremony at his Californian vineyard.
President Ramaphosa says the result was a victory for democracy, but the ANC lost its majority for the first time.  
The 29-year-old was one of six people to be wounded by the attacker, who was detained at the scene. 

Kylian Mbappe will join Real Madrid on a free transfer from Paris St-Germain when the La Liga transfer window opens on 1 July. 
The SNP leader has formally launched his party's general election campaign at a rally in Glasgow.
The party says allowing pharmacies to treat more conditions will also free up GP appointments.
The party says better training can reduce migration, but it will not be setting an overall level.
Adrian Ramsay says economic growth statistics do not capture how well the economy works for people.
Our favourite number cruncher Sir John Curtice with his take on the polls, after the first full week of the election campaign.
Derbyshire Police says it received a "number of messages" related to claims of election fraud.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The SNP leader has formally launched his party's general election campaign at a rally in Glasgow.
Labour say they'll give businesses more flexibility on how they spend apprenticeships levy funding.
The Prince of Wales is sharing the burden with his father more than ever. What does he want to achieve?
Evan Davis on common features shared by business leaders with a flourishing enterprise to their names.
Monday's papers cover the latest Tory election pledge and tributes to the late Rob Burrow.
A champion on and off the field, Rob Burrow's determination, courage and humility ensures a legacy that stretches way beyond rugby league.
The ANC has dominated South Africa for the past 30 years but now it has to look to the future.
Polls in Mexico have closed after campaign overshadowed by violence which saw dozens of candidates killed.
Rosario Lonegro was forced to enact his own funeral in a bid to strip him of his sexual proclivities.
Firms are placing their Christmas orders early to avoid empty shelves as shipping route disruption continues.
The actor has been speaking about playing Alan Bates in the ITV drama about the Post Office scandal.
Both countries are trying to dissuade others from attending the upcoming event, Ukraine's president says.
The test can find traces of a tumour's DNA before a full relapse, allowing treatment to start early,  experts say.
The presenter took over Sunday Love Songs on Radio 2 following Wright's death.
The former England captain said he met King Charles to talk about the King's Foundation - and beekeeping.
At least 25 people have been shot in the US city of Akron, police say.
Kevin Sinfield pays tribute to the late Rob Burrow, calling his former Leeds Rhinos team-mate a "beacon of hope and inspiration".
Kylian Mbappe will join Real Madrid on a free transfer from Paris St-Germain when the La Liga transfer window opens on 1 July. 
Everton send a "get well soon" message to their former striker Kevin Campbell who is "very unwell" in hospital.
A champion on and off the field, Rob Burrow's determination, courage and humility ensures a legacy that stretches way beyond rugby league.
Japan's Yuka Saso recovers from a three-shot deficit to became the youngest player to win two US Women's Open titles.
BBC Sport looks back at Rob Burrow's greatest achievements, featuring tributes from his family and friends, after the rugby league legend and motor neurone disease campaigner died aged 41.
Starmer says he’ll bring down migration, and the Tories make NHS promises.
Derbyshire Police says it received a "number of messages" related to claims of election fraud.
The heads of NI's health trusts are 'deeply concerned at the financial outlook' for frontline services.
The SNP leader has formally launched his party's general election campaign at a rally in Glasgow.
Vaughan Gething rejected an offer from a senior Welsh Labour figure to help repay the cash given to his campaign.
The Tories have made similar promises under previous prime ministers.
Nigel Farage is running for Parliament - but he also might reshape the Conservative Party as he does so.
The speech was recorded for a BBC documentary, with Burrow asking for it to be shared after his death.
The party wants to tackle the shortage of workers by introducing a carer's minimum wage, at £2 above the standard.
Israel's military says UK-Israeli Nadav Popplewell and three others "were killed while together in the area of Khan Younis during our operation there".
The plan outlined by President Biden could end the war, but both sides want to get their way.
A state visit to the UK by the Emperor and Empress of Japan is to go ahead during the election campaign.
HMRC says it is sorry and that payments will now be made on Wednesday.
Met Office figures show that it has been the warmest spring on record for the UK. What does this mean for summer?
The judge described the attack in central Cardiff as “bordering on sadistic”.
The YouTube superstars launch their own reality show, locking 10 influencers in a house for a week.
Government lawyers say the earliest deportations could take place is three weeks after the election.
Three-year-old Peyton Handley told her parents that she had a pain and would scratch around her nose.
The first TV debate between Sir Keir Starmer and Rishi Sunak will take place on Tuesday.
BBC Verify examines claims the Army has been cut to its smallest "since Napoleon", and looks at whether Labour would change that.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The programme will only feature the SNP, Conservatives, Labour and Liberal Democrats.
The Liberal Democrat's deputy leader Daisy Cooper sailed behind Rishi Sunak as he spoke to people in Henley-on-Thames.
Sir Keir Starmer says "security will always come first" under his Labour, distancing himself from Jeremy Corbyn.
At BBC News, we need your help to ensure we’re getting our election coverage right.

Darren Millar, who is standing in Clwyd North, says he does not share the views of Yang Tuck Yoong.
Rishi Sunak says the changes would make the law around single-sex spaces clearer.
Labour sees defence - and its commitment to nuclear arms - as key to shifting voter perceptions of the party.
A seven-party debate is to be held on Friday, before a Question Time special and head-to-head event.
Barking council leader Darren Rodwell told a podcast he planned to confront a resident at their home.
The veteran politician says she intends to run for Labour at the election after a bitter selection row.
Nigel Farage's return and Rob Burrow's inspiring final voice note lead Tuesday's papers.
The new comedy drama follows the life of a millennial black British woman after a messy breakup.
The BBC investigates Ruja Ignatova’s close ties to a suspected organised crime boss.


A BBC project investigates the election content promoted by social media by tracking dozens of phones.
Given Mexico’s deeply ingrained patriarchy and entrenched machismo, Claudia Sheinbaum's victory is no small feat.
Claudia Sheinbaum has beaten her rival, Xóchitl Gálvez, by a landslide to become Mexico's next leader.
Palestinians returning to the camp in northern Gaza express shock at the level of devastation they found.
The band reduce their carbon emissions by 59% compared with their last world tour in 2016-17.
Zara Aleena, 35, was attacked as she walked home in east London in June 2022.
The jury was sworn in Monday in the first criminal trial of a child of a sitting US president.
Judge Jamie Sawyer says they showed "a shocking level of barbarism and callousness" for the dogs.
Two contestants reveal sparks flew and they found romance after leaving the reality dating show.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he is "spinning a lot of plates" as the deadline to finalise his squad for Euro 2024 nears.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic shows his supreme powers of recovery once again to beat Francisco Cerundolo and reach the French Open quarter-finals.
Scotland's striking situation ahead of Euro 2024 is up in the air. Should Steve Clarke turn to Tommy Conway as a late hail mary? 
France forward Kylian Mbappe says it is a "dream come true" as his long-awaited move to Real Madrid is confirmed on Monday evening. 
Alexander Zverev defeats Holger Rune at 01:40 local time in Paris to reach the French Open quarter-finals with a thrilling five-set win.
Anrich Nortje takes career-best T20 figures of 4-7 to help South Africa open their T20 World Cup campaign with a comprehensive six-wicket victory over Sri Lanka in New York.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
Nigel Farage to stand in election, and become leader of Reform UK
Where the government's money comes from - and what it spends it on.
Opinion is divided in Clacton as Nigel Farage says he will be standing there at the general election.
Patsy Aust, 81, was found dead in Hawthorne Court in Bangor on Sunday.
John Swinney, Anas Sarwar, Douglas Ross and Alex Cole-Hamilton took part in the first election TV debate.
Plans to shorten the school holidays from six to five weeks have been paused by the Welsh government.
The Conservative and Labour leaders got scrappy at times, forcing the host of the ITV event to intervene and urge the pair to "lower your voices".
Here's what you need to know from the first televised leaders' debate of the election campaign.
Mr Modi has lost some of his aura of invincibility and the results mean the opposition is back. 
The King and Queen were told detailed stories of what it was like to be part of the D-Day landings.
Rocket attacks have sparked days of bushfires near Israel's border with Lebanon.
Immigration is a top issue for many voters, and a possible threat to Biden's reelection chances.
The-Dream, whose real name is Terius Gesteelde-Diamant, denies the allegations.
Glenn Mullen posted online death threats to the Harry Potter author and former MP Rosie Duffield.
Rebecca Moss told Thomas Gibson "wake up, it's baby day" before realising he was dead, an inquest hears.
 Urgent and emergency care at the hospitals may not be able to access quick-turnaround blood test results.
Syphilis, meanwhile, rose 9.4% last year, with more heterosexual men and women becoming infected.
Gabriel Attal burst on to a broadcast featuring his party’s lead EU election candidate Valérie Hayer.
BBC Verify looks at some of the claims from the debate covering tax, the economy, waiting lists and small boats.
The two leaders clashed over the NHS, cost of living, and immigration.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The Reform UK leader is showered with banana milkshake as he campaigns in Essex.
The next UK general election will take place on 4 July.
The first TV debate between Sir Keir Starmer and Rishi Sunak will take place on Tuesday.
The prime minister and the Labour leader go head-to-head in the first TV debate of the campaign. 
The pitfalls of live televised election debates - and why some party leaders might want to dodge them.
Rishi Sunak is the UK's first British-Indian to be prime minister, the first Hindu, and also the youngest occupant of No 10 in modern times, where he lives with his wife and two daughters. 
The former lawyer hopes to lead his party to government at the general election on 4 July. 
The ex-Brexit Party leader says he has changed his mind and does not want to let his supporters down.
On the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landings, surviving veterans share their  memories.
Details of the major events planned to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landings.
D-Day servicewoman Ada Chell remembers her suitor Robert Nicholson who died during the war.
The veterans are sailing to France from the UK to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Normandy landings.
On the 75th anniversary of the Normandy landings in German-occupied France, we explain what went on.
Dr Tamasine Preece says boys have asked her if "a soft squeeze on the neck is OK".
Maureen Sweeney's weather report from Blacksod Lighthouse in Mayo helped persuade Allied commanders.
Parents have reacted angrily after an error meant 580,000 people did not receive a payment.
Follow the results live as votes are counted in India, the world's biggest democracy.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his party have won the most seats in this year's election.
The French fashion house took inspiration from Scottish history for the show at Drummond Castle near Crieff.
Nigel Farage is running for Parliament - but he also might reshape the Conservative Party as he does so.
The Prince of Wales is sharing the burden with his father more than ever. What does he want to achieve?
Evan Davis on common features shared by business leaders with a flourishing enterprise to their names.
Locals in some of the world's tourism hotspots say they are being overwhelmed. What can be done about it?
DNA tests have confirmed all three infants found in east London are full siblings, the BBC can report.
The US first lady seemed to get emotional in court as she listened to opening statements in Hunter Biden's trial.
Manchester City are scheduled to face the Premier League in a legal battle over the organisation’s commercial rules next week.
The inquest into Zara Aleena's murder hears paperwork to recall Jordan McSweeney to prison was delayed.
The group threw a wreath into the sea to remember those who never made it to shore.
Talented rower Anna Beaumont, 13, is described by family as a "beautiful soul" who will "never be forgotten".
Three horses hurt when they bolted through London have made good enough progress to return to work.
Manchester City are scheduled to face the Premier League in a legal battle over the organisation’s commercial rules next week.
Carlos Alcaraz makes light work of Stefanos Tsitsipas to set up a tantalising French Open semi-final against incoming world number one Jannik Sinner.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic withdraws from the French Open with a knee injury before his quarter-final.
Steve Clarke thinks the injury that ruled Lyndon Dykes out of the Euro 2024 finals "spooked" his players during their friendly with Gibraltar.
BBC Sport searches for a significant piece of cricket history on the streets of Manhattan.
Adam and team unpack the first TV debate of the General Election campaign
The BBC's Ellie Price on what's at stake for the leaders.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 can get the benefit.
Where the government's money comes from - and what it spends it on.
Rebecca Moss told Thomas Gibson "wake up, it's baby day" before realising he was dead, an inquest hears.
Jim Moore, 85, was in court after the retired teacher, 81, was found dead at a house in Bangor on Sunday.
The Lord Advocate will ask for some alleged victims' statements to be used as evidence in court.
Welsh Labour says there's "no suggestion" the first minister did not want information released.
Labour leader says all his party's policies are "fully funded" and mean no tax rises for working people.
Watch as our chief political correspondent gives us the inside track following Rishi Sunak's claim.
King Charles said "we are eternally in the debt" of those who took part in the D-Day landings.
Murray Dowey, 16, from Dunblane took his own life  last December after being blackmailed online.
Vaughan Gething says he will stay in post after losing the vote when Labour members were sick.
US astronauts ride a new crew capsule to orbit after a long and tortuous development programme.
Scientists have found a weak spot in our DNA that is present in 95% of people with the disease.
 
Richard Holden's selection in Basildon and Billericay is branded a "slap in the face" for local Tories.
Medical charity MSF says 70 dead people have been brought to a central Gaza hospital since Tuesday.
The UN leader's call comes as new data highlights the worrying pace of global warming.
Nvidia has been marked out as a  winner from a wave of investments in artificial intelligence.
Thomas Gibson, 40, could have been saved if his heart defect was not missed, a coroner finds.
Robert Fico describes man who shot him as an "opposition activist" and blames "anti-government media".
As part of the BBC's Your Voice, Your Vote project, our analysis editor Ros Atkins answers some of your questions about polling.
Promises include cutting veterans railcards costs and setting up an armed forces commissioner.
Conservative Penny Mordaunt and Labour's deputy leader Angela Rayner will appear alongside participants from five other parties.
It's important to unpick the claims on all sides so you can come to an understanding, the BBC's political editor says.
BBC Verify looks at some of the claims from the debate covering tax, the economy, waiting lists and small boats.
The former Labour Party candidate quit the party after her deselection for Chingford and Woodford Green.
Sir Ed Davey paid a fine after being caught doing 73mph in a 60mph zone on the M1 motorway.
A deaf campaigner says she was "very disappointed" to not be able to follow Tuesday's live debate.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Here's what you need to know from the first televised leaders' debate of the election campaign.
On the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landings, surviving veterans share their  memories.
Images from events to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Normandy landings in France.
It was quite a day for Vaughan Gething, writes BBC Wales political editor Gareth Lewis.
Residents of areas on the Israel-Lebanon border tell the BBC they "feel like the forgotten people".
The show is about two true-crime podcast obsessed friends who find themselves in the middle of a murder. 
Cristiano Ronaldo is back to spearhead Portugal's bid to become European champions again - in potentially his last major tournament.
The BBC's analysis editor answers your questions about political parties' election manifestos.
Nigel Farage is running for Parliament - but he also might reshape the Conservative Party as he does so.
The Prince of Wales is sharing the burden with his father more than ever. What does he want to achieve?
Evan Davis on common features shared by business leaders with a flourishing enterprise to their names.
Locals in some of the world's tourism hotspots say they are being overwhelmed. What can be done about it?
Keira Knightley, Cara Delevigne and Ruth Wilson are among those who have signed an open letter to firms.
Manuel Guerrero Aviña was arrested in February after arranging to meet a man on a gay dating app.
A 25-year-old woman is due in court in July after the Reform UK leader had a drink thrown over him.
Alice Perkins was told Horizon was 'a real risk' by auditors as the Post Office continued to prosecute sub-postmasters.
Other chains will be able to sell poultry-based "Big Macs" following a ruling by the European Court of Justice
It could explain why women playing contact sports appear injury prone between ovulation and menstruation.
The American acquitted of Meredith Kercher's murder will not go to prison, having already served time.
James Maddison will not be included in England's 26-man squad for Euro 2024.
Alexander Zverev reaches the French Open semi-finals for the fourth consecutive year by seeing off the spirited challenge of Alex de Minaur.
There would be approximately 100 more incorrect refereeing decisions made if clubs vote to scrap video assistant referees, the Premier League claims.
Chelsea will block any loan moves for Romelu Lukaku this summer as they look to sell the Belgium striker.

Russian teenager Mirra Andreeva claims the biggest win of her career against an out-of-sorts Aryna Sabalenka to reach the semi-finals of the French Open.
Watch highlights as India's fearsome pace attack ruthlessly blows away Ireland on a difficult pitch in New York to start their T20 World Cup campaign with an eight-wicket win.
Starmer says Sunak “lied” during Tuesday’s debate
Amol and Nick on two possible election game-changers.
Elijah Shemwell was shaken to death by his mother's 16-year-old partner, a murder trial hears.
Events are being held in towns and cities across NI to mark the 80th anniversary of the Normandy landings.
Murray Dowey, 16, from Dunblane took his own life  last December after being blackmailed online.
The first minister vows to “carry on” after losing the vote, but what do voters think?
The King and Prince of Wales both made speeches, praising the "bravery and sacrifice" of those who "served at that critical time".
Watch: Moving and spectacular D-Day commemorations
The prime minister responds for the first time since Labour accused him of lying over the dubious claim. 
The BBC hears allegations of rape and torture by Myanmar's military in Chin State.
Mr Mosley went missing on Wednesday after going for a walk while on holiday on the Greek island of Symi. 
As she launches the UK leg of her Eras tour, we look at how Taylor Swift became pop's biggest star.
Crystal Palace pair Adam Wharton and Eberechi Eze are named in England's Euro 2024 squad, with Jack Grealish, Harry Maguire and James Maddison left out.
Former Autonomy boss Mike Lynch was accused of fraud related to the $11bn sale of his software firm. 
The rate of increase is the slowest for 30 months, but competition among potential tenants is still fierce.
In an emotional testimony, Hallie Biden recalled being introduced to crack cocaine by Hunter Biden. 
Some 113 people have become ill in recent weeks, the UK Health Security Agency says.
AI in adult entertainment could have negative effects on society and individuals, experts say.
The rocket made it much further in its planned mission profile than on previous tests, splashing down in the Indian Ocean.
Sir Keir Starmer says he hopes his pledge will "turn the dream of owning a home into a reality".
The party says it would increase the salary threshold at which a household starts to lose its child benefits.
The Greens say tax-hikes on the top 1% of earners can help pay for massive cash injection into NHS.
The party is facing huge legal bills, which critics could have been spent on election campaigning.
The next UK general election will take place on 4 July.
Mr Ross's surprise announcement comes after he said he was going to stand down at this year's election. 
The £150,000 donation was accepted after Frank Hester had been accused of making racist comments.
Watch as our chief political correspondent gives us the inside track following Rishi Sunak's claim.
Wales' first minister vows to "carry on" after losing a no-confidence vote in the Senedd.
As part of the BBC's Your Voice, Your Vote project, our analysis editor Ros Atkins answers some of your questions about polling.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Richard Holden's selection in Basildon and Billericay is branded a "slap in the face" for local Tories.
A mix of stories feature on the front pages of Friday's newspapers. 
Researchers use the device to take remote biopsies from wild humpback whales to monitor their health.
The R1 is the latest attempt to build AI-powered hardware that challenges our smartphone addiction.
An archive of intimate interviews see the painter discuss love, life and his signature style.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
Michael Mosley, who has gone missing while on holiday, began his TV career after working in finance.
Ukraine’s president hugged the World War Two soldier at a ceremony to mark the 80th anniversary of D-Day.
Russia’s economy has been cut off from the global financial system - but it is still growing. Why?
The Israeli military said it struck a "Hamas compound" in the school - a claim Hamas officials deny.
Xielo Maruziva has been missing since he fell into the river in Leicester in February.
As 27 EU countries vote over four days, exit polls suggest a narrow defeat for the Dutch far right.
A US court has ordered ex-Trump campaign strategist Steve Bannon to turn himself in by 1 July.
Officials were concerned the ex-Post Office boss was unable to work with people who challenged her.
The corporation is investigating complaints of misconduct against the DJ, which he denies.
The two-year-old was found between the legs of his 60-year-old father.
England manager Gareth Southgate has made bold calls in his Euro 2024 squad - but chief football writer Phil McNulty says he has got them right.
Goalkeeper Craig Gordon and defender John Souttar are the Scotland players set to miss out on Euro 2024.
Why the USA's shock victory over Pakistan in the men's T20 World Cup could be huge for the sport stateside.
England boss Gareth Southgate says he named his Euro 2024 squad early so his players could keep their "heads clear" and focus on Friday's game against Iceland.
Carlos Alcaraz says his French Open semi-final against Jannik Sinner on Friday is the match "everybody wants to watch".
Iga Swiatek continues her dominance over Coco Gauff to reach a third successive French Open final, where she will face Jasmine Paolini.
Watch some of the best moments as the USA pull off one of the biggest shocks in cricket history by beating Pakistan in a thrilling match at the T20 World Cup in Texas.
And we answer some of your questions…
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, but is still above the 2% target.
Anthony Stocks threw the girl's brother off a cliff after the boy found out about the abuse.
Events are being held in towns and cities across NI to mark the 80th anniversary of the Normandy landings.
The general election is taking place using a new electoral map - with changes right across Scotland.
Emergency services are at the scene following reports of a person in the water.
Ms Mordaunt said it was right that Rishi Sunak apologised as senior figures from the other six parties criticised the PM in BBC election debate.
D-Day, NHS, tax, immigration - what we learned from the seven parties in the BBC's first election debate.
The 67-year-old went missing on Wednesday after going for a walk on the Greek island of Symi. 
The assault took place on a square in central Copenhagen where a man walked up to her and hit her.
The Russian leader appears to believe that in the current stand-off, the West will blink first.
Labour's biggest trade union backer is concerned workers' rights policies do not go far enough.
The Prince of Wales is one of Hugh Grosvenor's usher for his wedding at Chester Cathedral.
The US president also made a speech defending democracy at the site where US rangers stormed a Nazi stronghold on D-Day.
Israeli officials say the move is "shameful" and will "have consequences for Israel's relations with the UN".
Taylor Swift comes to Edinburgh for the first of three shows taking place at Murrayfield Stadium.
All of the airports which are affected have upgraded to new high-tech CT scanners.
A Foreign Office spokesperson says David Cameron is "regretting his mistake".
Henry Zeffman: The issue that will linger after BBC debate
BBC Verify examines claims on tax, defence, NHS and immigration
Penny Mordaunt and Angela Rayner repeatedly clashed in a fiery seven party BBC election debate.
Rishi Sunak and his team were unaware they had made a blunder until it was too late, writes Joe Pike.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The group also posts misleading comments to boost the credibility of its false, politically damaging videos.
Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer suggested that "hard-working small businesses have been held back".
The plans would include "unilaterally reversing" the expansion of the Ulez clean air scheme in London.
The party says it has blocked a "small number" of candidates after allegations of antisemitism online.
Companies refusing to train British workers could be blocked from sponsoring visas, under Labour plans.
Sir Keir Starmer says he hopes his pledge will "turn the dream of owning a home into a reality".
Rishi Sunak’s decision to leave the most poignant event in Europe early was always likely to be spotted.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Rishi Sunak's decision to leave D-Day commemorations early leads many of Saturday's front pages.
The migrants, who the UN says are refugees, say they feel isolated and unsafe in the African country. 
The BBC hears allegations of rape and torture by Myanmar's military in Chin State.
Researchers use the device to take remote biopsies from wild humpback whales to monitor their health.
As she launches the UK leg of her Eras tour, we look at how Taylor Swift became pop's biggest star.
With the voting age lowered to 16 in some parts of the EU, politicians are targeting the youth vote.
Watch as Spain's Laura Garcia-Caro starts to celebrate winning a medal in the 20km race walk only to be pipped to bronze on the line by Ukraine's Lyudmila Olyanovska at the European Athletics Championships.
Pat Sajak, 77, has been asking if contestants "would like to buy a vowel" on the game show since 1981.
Bidders have until next week to make an offer and save the remaining 1,500 UK jobs at the retailer. 
The US rapper gains his 11th number one, his biggest hit since Without Me debuted in 2002.
Amanda Knox says she is "determined to keep fighting" after a Florence court re-convicted her for slander.
The 14 bikes, worth more than £50,000, were taken from the team mechanic's van in Whitchurch. 
The world body says it is pursuing all available channels to secure their personnel's safe release.
While England's performance against Iceland was described as "dismal", there is still a belief they can "absolutely" win Euro 2024.
Ireland secure a first European Athletics Championships gold medal since 1998 as their 4x400m mixed relay team superbly triumphs in Rome.
Iga Swiatek takes on Jasmine Paolini in the final of the French Open as she bids for a fifth Grand Slam title.
Aston Martin driver Fernando Alonso is fastest in Friday practice at the Canadian Grand Prix on a day disrupted by intermittent rain.
Defeat by Australia at the T20 World Cup would not be terminal for England but a win would let them change the narrative after Indian struggles.
Watch as Spain's Laura Garcia-Caro starts to celebrate winning a medal in the 20km race walk only to be pipped to bronze on the line by Ukraine's Lyudmila Olyanovska at the European Athletics Championships.
Leading figures from the seven main parties go head-to-head
From public feuds to private legal battles, how a country singer became a billionaire.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Amber Potter was checking this image on her phone when she ploughed into scooter rider David Sinar.
Nominations for the general election closed on Friday but the voter registration deadline is 18 June.
Campaigning in Glasgow, the first minister said Rishi Sunak's actions were "truly, breathtakingly terrible".
There have been 10 deaths at HMP Parc prison in Bridgend in under four months.
Israeli forces, backed by air strikes, fought intense gun battles with Hamas in the Nuseirat area.
The hostages were rescued by the IDF during a daylight operation deep inside Gaza.
Health journalist and presenter Dr Michael Mosley, 67, remains missing on the Greek island of Symi.
The BBC's Joe Inwood shows where TV presenter Michael Mosley is thought to have been walking when he disappeared.
The 11-year-old and three adults were taken to hospital after the incident at the Lambeth Country Show.
A race for the lunar surface's resources is currently under way. What’s to stop a Wild West opening up?
Jenn Buta has been campaigning since her son was targeted by sextortionists in Nigeria - a hotspot for scammers.
Schools are struggling to address social issues unrelated to teaching - as the BBC has found in Telford.
A minister loyal to Rishi Sunak tells BBC there are only two options now: “Lose your head or get on with the campaign"
New legislation comes into force on Monday 10 June.
England now will likely have to win their final two games in the tournament after a 36-run defeat by Australia in Barbados.
Rights groups warn of state paranoia as experts on hypersonics, the science behind ultrafast missiles, have been jailed.
A procession made up of thousands of motorcycles arrives in the Hairy Biker's Cumbrian home town.
The Conservatives say they will fund counselling services for an extra 500,000 people to help them into work.
The party says it would by-pass local objections in order to increase prison capacity by 20,000.
D-Day, NHS, tax, immigration - what we learned from the seven parties in the BBC's first election debate.
The Chilterns, Mendips, Cotswolds and Quantocks have been named as possible locations.
Labour's Angela Rayner and Penny Mordaunt for the Conservatives regularly traded blows, says Sir John Curtice.
Ms Mordaunt said it was right that Rishi Sunak apologised as senior figures from the other six parties criticised the PM in BBC election debate.
Representatives from seven of Great Britain's political parties took part in the BBC debate on Friday.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
A number of papers look at policy announcements expected to appear in party manifestos next week. 
Championed by Elton John, Tiny Habits have taken their dorm room harmonies to a huge new audience.
The coffee giant is suffering as customers "lose it" over price hikes and other controversies. 
Artist Joanne Coates will travel up and down the country seeing the politicians and campaigns up close.
After the furore around Taylor Swift's new set list, we find out what goes into perfecting artist song choices.
If you WLTM a ND with a GSOH, you might struggle to locate one on a modern dating app.
The mastermind of modern Doctor Who on the importance of camp, diversity and representation on the show
Will Narendra Modi, who has dominated Indian politics for a decade, be able to run a coalition government?
Far right parties are forecast to win up to a quarter of European Parliament seats. What would that mean?
The presenter said the decision was due to an "unexpected medical procedure".
It is the first time in more than a year that the platform addressed allegations the BBC raised with them.
The Princess of Wales writes to the regiment to with them luck and to apologise for her absence.
How scientists are discovering secrets of Antarctic climate change in the bodies of giant humpback whales. 
All of the airports which are affected have upgraded to new high-tech CT scanners.
Elliot Castro was 16 and selling mobile phones from a Glasgow call centre when he first duped someone out of their bank details.
Roma owner Dan Friedkin emerges as one of a number of parties interested in a takeover of Premier League club Everton.
A Foreign Office spokesperson says David Cameron is "regretting his mistake".
The assault took place on a square in central Copenhagen where a man walked up to her and hit her.
The photo taken by Bill Anders is one of the most famous images ever snapped in outer space. 
England's T20 World Cup defence is already in danger after a damaging 36-run defeat by Australia in Barbados.
George Russell takes Mercedes’ first pole position of the season ahead of Red Bull’s Max Verstappen at the Canadian Grand Prix.
French Open winner Iga Swiatek's aura at Roland Garros is becoming so great that she is being dubbed the 'Queen of Clay' - and tipped for a career Grand Slam.
George Mills wins men's 5,000m silver and Romell Glave claims men's 100m bronze for Great Britain at the European Athletics Championships.
Gareth Southgate welcomes Jude Bellingham into the England camp but says “we are not putting everything on” him.
Carlos Alcaraz aims to become another Spanish French Open winner when he faces Germany's Alexander Zverev in Sunday's men's final.
Savannah Marshall stops Mirela Vargas in the first round of an electric MMA debut in front of her home fans at PFL Europe in Newcastle.
The misstep threatens to overshadow the whole campaign.
Alex Forsyth presents political discussion from Victoria Hall in Oakham in Rutland.
From being first in the queue to being more flexible, here are some tips on how to get ahead in the rental race.
A badly damaged vehicle was found in dense bushes and undergrowth in Polegate on Friday night. 
A man in his 40s was found lying unconscious on Fort Road with a significant head injury. 
David Duguid, who had held the Banff and Buchan seat since 2017, has effectively been deselected and will be replaced by Douglas Ross.
More than 20 bank branches have closed in Wales this year, leaving demand high for those remaining.
EU Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen says the centre is holding as her grouping is projected to remain biggest party.
Tributes have been pouring in for the TV and radio presenter who has died on the Greek island of Symi.
How a BBC presenter's gonzo science experiments turned him into a guru of better health.
The decision lays bare the deep political divisions in Israel over the war in Gaza
Labour and the Tories say their policies are fully funded - but have ruled out major tax rises.
Former Liverpool and Scotland defender Alan Hansen, who was a BBC football pundit for over 20 years, is "seriously ill in hospital".
The woman was injured after a funfair ride malfunctioned at a country show in south London.
Veteran Harold Terens, 100 married his 96-year-old bride in Normandy
Scores of Palestinians were killed during a rescue operation in central Gaza on Saturday.
New police powers to seize knives and recover stolen goods are also being proposed.
If you WLTM a ND with a GSOH, you might struggle to locate one on a modern dating app.
Modi's NDA alliance won the Indian election with a reduced margin while the opposition saw a resurgence.
Reform leader says by leaving D-Day event early Rishi Sunak showed he is "disconnected by privilege". 
The Conservatives say they will fund counselling services for an extra 500,000 people to help them into work.
Labour says it cannot commit to continue the scheme before it knows how many offenders have been released.
The SNP's Westminster leader says Labour's proposal for windfall tax on energy companies would result in "100,000 job losses".
Plaid Cymru's Rhun ap Iorwerth says nuclear deterrent not "the kind of defence that we need and should be building".
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Michael Mosley's body being found in Greece and a big defeat for France's president lead the front pages.
Michael Mosley's family confirms his body has been found beside Agia Marina beach on the Greek island of Symi.
Jenn Buta has been campaigning since her son was targeted by sextortionists in Nigeria - a hotspot for scammers.
Parents and teens alike are trading in their smartphones for "dumber" models to help stay offline.
A race for the lunar surface's resources is currently under way. What’s to stop a Wild West opening up?
Rights groups warn of state paranoia as experts on hypersonics, the science behind ultrafast missiles, have been jailed.
Nigel Farage is running for Parliament - but he also might reshape the Conservative Party as he does so.
A minister loyal to Rishi Sunak tells BBC there are only two options now: “Lose your head or get on with the campaign"
Students are asked to act as "floor-runners" to help London hospitals recover from a cyber-attack.
Yossi Jan's health deteriorated over the eight months his son was held hostage in Gaza, relatives say
Four Israeli hostages were rescued, with hospitals in Gaza saying scores of Palestinians were killed.
Officers say 11 men have now been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder over the incident.
Two men in their 20s were taken to hospital with knife wounds, with one in a serious condition.
Police say no arrests were made during a Dave Myers' tribute day attended by thousands of bikers.
The dogs were found nine months after a near-identical incident in the same place, the RSPCA says.
Red Bull’s Max Verstappen wins a gripping wet-dry Canadian Grand Prix that developed into a five-car battle for the lead over the final 10 laps.
India's match against Pakistan at the T20 World Cup shows that cricket has arrived in the United States and the sport is gathering momentum. 
French Open winner Carlos Alcaraz plans to have a tattoo of iconic landmark the Eiffel Tower as a permanent reminder of the tournament he loved as a child.
Great Britain's Dina Asher-Smith clinches 100m gold at the European Athletics Championships in Rome.
Scottie Scheffler holds off Collin Morikawa to win the PGA Tour's Memorial Tournament - his fifth title of the year.
Scotland race to a comprehensive seven-wicket victory over Oman at the T20 World Cup to go top of Group B.
Dina Asher-Smith recovers from a slow start to win 100m gold at the European Athletics Championships in 10.99 seconds.
Two men in their 20s were taken to hospital with knife wounds, with one in a serious condition.
Sinn Féin "disappointed" with their performance in the local Irish elections
A newspaper said advisers raised concerns over travel claims which may have been combined with the Scottish Tory leader's work as a linesman.
Tata says it will not change course at Port Talbot, regardless of who wins the general election.
Challenged over how he would fund his policies, the PM tells the BBC they will all be "fully funded and costed". 
Manifesto pledges will include free personal care for older or disabled people at home in England.
Experts say 4,515 candidates at the 2024 elections suggest "more marginal" seats are possible.
Greek police say initial tests found no injuries that could have caused the TV presenter's death.
The boys are thought to be the youngest murderers convicted since James Bulger's killers' trial.
Ten-year-old Pippa Bartholomew's dream came true when she was chosen by Taylor Swift to be the lucky recipient of her hat.
The proposal sets out conditions for a "complete ceasefire" and the release of hostages held by Hamas.
The company has been slower to roll out generative AI features than rivals including Google and Microsoft.
The fate of the US president's son now lies in the hands of 12 jurors in Delaware.
There are travel disruption alerts as tens of thousands of fans get the party started with Pink.
Criminals gained access to 6.9 million records when the firm was hacked in October 2023.
Judges have been warned there may be new evidence from 2024 that Rwanda has endangered asylum seekers.
Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said the vote could have "serious consequences" for France.
Many voters have told the BBC that housing is a big issue for them in the general election.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Lib Dem manifesto.

Find out which constituency you are in, who you can vote for and where you can vote using our postcode search.
The decision to not bring back the lifetime allowance comes after lobbying from senior NHS doctors.


Ian Gribbin says his grandparents were "Russian Jews fleeing persecution" and his comments were taken out of context.
The funding will come from Labour's plan to levy VAT on private schools, the party says. 
He will carry on in the role until after the election and will resign as an MSP if he is re-elected to Westminster.
Academics said in an open letter if the parties do not make this pledge they are not deserving of support.
New police powers to seize knives and recover stolen goods are also being proposed.
The PM says he will not stop fighting for votes, after being criticised for leaving a D-Day event early.
The BBC’s Nick Robinson explains how he is approaching his interviews with party leaders ahead of the UK general election.
BBC Verify's Ben Chu takes a look at the tax and spending plans in the Lib Dems' manifesto.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The Tory manifesto pledge to cut National Insurance, and calls for O-type blood donors lead the papers.
Michael Mosley’s simple and accessible health hacks made him a household name.  Remember these?
Brussels is widely expected to introduce tariffs on Chinese electric vehicles coming to Europe.
People say the television medic changed their lives with his health and wellbeing advice.
Secretary of State Blinken's Middle East mission collides with Israeli politics, Jeremy Bowen says.
A chance encounter that spiralled out of control led to Shawn Seesahai's murder.
The Black Football Partnership criticises media coverage of England's game against Iceland following a number of outlets using a picture of Bukayo Saka.
A race for the lunar surface's resources is currently under way. What’s to stop a Wild West opening up?
Jordan McSweeney killed Zara Aleena after a message sent days before her death was not seen, the inquest hears.
Coins and pottery dating back more than 3,000 years are discovered.
The Italian professional dancer joined the show in 2015, winning it in 2021 with Rose Ayling-Ellis.
Saulos Chilima and nine others were on board of a military plane that went off the radar on Monday morning.
The council says it will investigate all local agencies' involvement with the family.
The hearing into the teenager's death near a US airbase is told how the "world is a lesser place without him".
The earl says he was abused while a pupil at Maidwell Hall School.
Charlie Dobson takes men's 400m silver and Molly Caudery wins women's pole vault bronze at the European Athletics Championships in Rome.
South Africa claim a nervy four-run win over Bangladesh that puts them on brink of reaching the T20 World Cup Super 8s.
A consortium of international investors, which involves a member of the Saudi royal family, has made a £400m offer to buy Premier League club Everton.
Defending champion Katie Boulter edges out Harriet Dart in a marathon all-British tie to reach the second round of the Nottingham Open.
Watch as an emotional Laviai Nielsen opens up about one of the "toughest" weeks of her life after finishing sixth in the 400m final at the European Athletics Championships in Rome.



More than two weeks after Manchester United's FA Cup triumph, Eric ten Hag still awaits a decision on his future.
Britain's Emma Raducanu says she is in a "really fit place" as she prepares to start her grass-court season at the Nottingham Open.
Lib Dems pledge £8bn package for health and care services in England
We answer your questions on the biggest issues in the run-up to the election
How the health of the economy is measured, and why the GDP calculation matters.
Jordan McSweeney killed Zara Aleena after a message sent days before her death was not seen, the inquest hears.
Reform UK leader Nigel Farage endorses Sammy Wilson and Ian Paisley.
He will carry on in the role until after the election and will resign as an MSP if he is re-elected to Westminster.
Residents say the temporary homes intended for Ukrainians are too close to theirs and overbearing.
Joe Biden's son was accused of lying about his drug use on a handgun application form.
The prime minister puts further cuts to National Insurance at the heart of his offer to voters.
Ten teenagers swap their smartphones for brick phones as part of a week-long digital detox.
John Swinney, Anas Sarwar, Douglas Ross, Alex Cole-Hamilton and Lorna Slater took part in BBC Scotland's debate.
The group told the BBC that it still required a commitment to a permanent ceasefire.
King Charles has launched a new set of awards celebrating living in harmony with nature.
The actor admits to "pushing the boundaries" in an interview with Piers Morgan.
Two former directors of the collapsed retail chain have been found guilty of wrongful trading.  
Erik Ten Hag will remain as manager of Manchester United following a post-season review by the club's board.
Tiny uninhabited Mullagrach is in the Summer Isles in the Highlands.
The brigade, whose origins were mired in far-right controversy, hails the move as blow to Russia's propaganda.
Former nurse Lucy Letby denies the attempted murder of an infant at Countess of Chester Hospital.
Arthur ‘Gaps’ Hendrickson dies after a short illness, a spokesperson for The Selecter says.
The next UK general election will take place on 4 July.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Conservative manifesto.
The Social Democratic Party is standing 122 candidates at the election, the most since 1987.
The Labour leader says the Tories don't "provide the funding" for their pledges and "hope nobody notices".
BBC Verify's Ben Chu takes a look at the proposed National Insurance cuts and welfare savings in the Conservatives' manifesto.
Mishal Husain will present the debate after Sophie Raworth injured herself at the London marathon. 
People who live and work in the Cornish seaside town St Ives talk about the challenges facing their community.
Two National Insurance cuts came info effect in 2024, but many people are still paying more in tax.
Some Tories have called for the UK to pull out of the ECHR, arguing it has stopped Rwanda deportation flights.
Our guide to who is at the helm of the SNP, Scottish Labour, the Scottish Conservatives, the Scottish Lib Dems and the Scottish Greens
Under-16s will be banned from buying drinks such as Monster and Prime, if Labour wins the election.
Labour says it plans to clear dental treatment backlogs and introduced supervised tooth cleaning. 
The PM wants to bring back Help to Buy in England and scrap stamp duty for first-time buyers.
Experts say 4,515 candidates at the 2024 elections suggest "more marginal" seats are possible.
The UK's first Green parliamentarian writes to voters in Edinburgh asking them to support Labour.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The PM's promise of £17bn in tax cuts and claims about the risk of voting Labour or Reform lead the papers.
The guilty verdict is unlikely to change voters' minds, but it will be a personal blow for the US president.
The difficulties faced by patients trying to access NHS care in Telford reflects UK-wide problems.
England manager Gareth Southgate says Euro 2024 could be his "last chance" to win a trophy with England.
June has started colder than average, are there any signs of warmer weather on the way?
Republicans leader Ciotti angers colleagues after he calls for an electoral pact with National Rally.
The government grants a licence to Iceland's sole whaling firm - a move condemned by animal welfare groups.
Both main parties stress their distinctive approaches, but what does the detail of their policies show?
Greek police say initial test results suggest the 67-year-old died of natural causes. 
The Japanese scientist's work led to the creation of the life-saving drugs now used by millions.
The band changed their name after a threat of legal action by the brand owners of airline EasyJet.
Revd Matthew Tomlinson says the eagle was given to the church when it opened in 1868.
Joey Chestnut told he cannot join famed Nathan's contest on 4 July unless he drops sponsorship by vegan brand.
Animal-rights protesters attack a portrait of King Charles III, in a London gallery.
One British passenger died and dozens more were injured when flight SQ 321 encountered turbulence in May.
Erik Ten Hag will remain as manager of Manchester United following a post-season review by the club's board.
Great Britain's Daryll Neita wins women's 200m silver and Megan Keith wins 10,000m bronze at the European Athletics Championships in Rome.
Pakistan keep their slim hopes of qualifying for the T20 World Cup Super 8s alive with a seven-wicket win over Canada.
Rory McIlroy says he and his wife Erica have "resolved their differences" after dismissing the petition he filed for divorce.
Watch as Great Britain's Daryll Neita misses out on 200m gold by just 0.01 seconds behind Switzerland's Mujinga Kambundji at the European Athletics Championships.



Tories pledge to cut National Insurance further
The French president dropped a bombshell after his party was beaten in EU elections
The unemployment rate is relatively low historically, but millions aren't working.
Junior Osborne, 50, was fatally stabbed in an unprovoked and planned attack in Leicester.
The cost of a train ticket depends on which side of the border you buy a fare.
John Swinney, Anas Sarwar, Douglas Ross, Alex Cole-Hamilton and Lorna Slater took part in BBC Scotland's debate.
Two care home owners say they would now be unable to cope without the help of foreign staff.
Sir Keir Starmer says there will be "no surprises" on tax in Labour's blueprint for government.
In some areas, getting a grip on crime is a major election issue.
A survey found the number of cancer centres experiencing severe delays had almost doubled in a year.
The agenda includes plans to lend Ukraine $50bn from the interest on Russian assets frozen in the West.
Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson successfully defends her 800m title with a dominant victory at the European Athletics Championships in Rome.
Holly Valance is set to host a pro-Trump event, with Anna Wintour reported to be hosting a pro-Biden one.
Craig Williams reportedly placed a bet on the date of the election three days before it was called.
PPE Medpro, the company led by Michelle Mone's husband, has been at the centre of a row over procurement. 
The SNP leader tells the BBC's Nick Robinson that taxing higher earners could avoid spending cuts
A couple hoping for a holiday in the sun ended up in Lithuania after a flight mix-up. 
The winning test rapidly detects whether bacteria are causing an infection and identifies the best antibiotics.
Lawyers say 79 asylum seekers who were detained to be sent to Rwanda have now been released on bail.
Secretary of State Antony Blinken tells the Palestinian group it is "time for the haggling to stop".
Voters in Grimsby give both leaders a tough ride - asking for clarity on their respective pledges.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Green Party manifesto.
The BBC is interviewing all the major party leaders in the run-up to the general election.
The next UK general election will take place on 4 July.
This feels like a real inflection point in the campaign, the BBC's Henry Zeffman explains.
What’s in the Green's manifesto - and does it add up? BBC Verify looks at the numbers.
New research finds voters "almost never" trust politicians to tell the truth or put the UK first.
The Green Party says it will set out plans for a “game-changing” transformation in the UK.
Police say they are aware Niko Omilana's name is listed in multiple constituencies.
The PM says he sacrificed "lots of things" as a child as his parents prioritised their  education.
The SNP leader tells the BBC's Nick Robinson that taxing higher earners could avoid spending cuts
Dame Andrea Jenkyns says she wants Reform UK to unite with the Tories to prevent a Labour "supermajority".
Councils would be given an extra £320m in funding over five years to fix broken roads under Labour's plans.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The Social Democratic Party is standing 122 candidates at the election, the most since 1987.
Two National Insurance cuts came info effect in 2024, but many people are still paying more in tax.
Labour's manifesto pledge to prioritise growth and a Tory aide placing a bet on the election lead the papers.
Valance got her break as a teenage Aussie soap star. Now she's fronting fundraising efforts for the Trump campaign.
Will, Ruby and Grace are among those swapping their devices for basic phones, for five days.
The visit is seen as Russia's sabre-rattling, amid tensions with the West over Moscow's invasion of Ukraine.
Andrey Koslov believed Israeli forces might kill him but was part of a dramatic rescue operation instead.
Airport bosses have criticised the lack of notice they were given for re-introducing 100ml liquids limits.
The trial dredged up a dark chapter in Hunter Biden's life. Experts and advocates say it could help others.
A survey of 2,000 young teenagers found nearly half were worried about knife crime.
Israel's military says it struck southern Lebanon in response to the launches, which sparked fires.
The party ousts Eric Ciotti after he called for an alliance with Marine Le Pen's National Rally.
This is the first official indication that a government of national unity has been agreed.
Former Turner Prize nominee Anya Gallaccio was selected to design the memorial.
He was also responsible for such enduring hits as Always On My Mind and Hooked On A Feeling.
Women who won a historic climate change ruling are shocked their parliament will not comply with it.
Great Britain's Keely Hodgkinson successfully defends her 800m title with a dominant victory at the European Athletics Championships in Rome.
BBC Sport TV and radio commentators pick the players they think could be the breakout stars of Euro 2024.
What next for Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag - transfers, his revised role, and is he still at risk next season?
England coach Matthew Mott hopes Josh Hazlewood’s comments about possibly manipulating net run-rate to knock England out of the T20 World Cup were in jest.
In the eyes of many pundits, fans and even players, this week's US Open is Scottie Scheffler's to lose given his dominant start to 2024.
Watch as Keely Hodgkinson wins 800m gold at the European Athletics Championships in Rome.
President Biden's son, Hunter, found guilty of lying about his drug use when buying a gun
How the health of the economy is measured, and why the GDP calculation matters.
Two National Insurance cuts came info effect in 2024, but many people are still paying more in tax.
UK renters have seen increases of 10% and two million are behind or struggling to pay.
The prosecution opens its case against Lucy Letby in her retrial for the attempted murder of a baby girl.
Hopes the stadium will be redeveloped in time for Euro 2028 are fading but supporters say efforts will continue.
A lot has happened in the five years since the United Kingdom last went to the polls in a general election.
Young people say they may have to leave Wales to find higher-paid work elsewhere.
A BBC investigation has uncovered potentially thousands more illegal sewage spills on dry days. 
Tesla says shareholders have again approved a record-breaking pay deal for billionaire Elon Musk. 
Sir Keir Starmer says wealth creation is the top priority of his party's blueprint for government, as he unveils the Labour manifesto.
Labour have being going out of its way to make a virtue out of the lack of surprises in its manifesto.
On Question Time Kate Forbes said the party would take applications on a "case by case" basis.
The BBC traces people behind social media profiles posting hundreds of repetitive messages backing Reform UK.
The funds will help Ukraine to fight invading Russian forces, a move Moscow condemns. 
Tributes are paid to Kate Rackham who helped set up the Fighting to be Heard charity after her diagnosis.
With one day to go, the Tartan Army arrives in Munich ahead of  Scotland's opening Euro 2024 game against Germany.
Former president returns to discuss election agenda with Republicans, three years after a mob stormed the Capitol.
A Scottish law  to automatically exonerate people affected by the Horizon scandal comes into force
A cold case review  leads to the arrest of a woman on suspicion of murder, say police.
Craig Williams says he "placed a flutter" on the general election and the Gambling Commission were making inquiries.

Scotland is seen as a key battleground in the general election, with 57 seats up for grabs on 4 July.

BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Labour manifesto.
Keir Starmer says his manifesto is aimed at wealth creation, but the PM argues it would mean higher taxes.
Labour has launched its manifesto, focusing on economic growth and stability.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Plaid Cymru manifesto.

The party has called for "fair" funding for Wales in its manifesto for the election.
The BBC's Henry Zeffman gives us his take on the parties' strategies following their manifesto launches.
The current Labour leader claims he knew it would lose the 2019 general election under his predecessor.
The Greens said the image, described by some as stigmatising, could be misinterpreted and would be replaced.
Sir Keir Starmer has promised to "modernise" the Lords with new rules and by phasing out hereditary peers.
Plaid Cymru's manifesto calls for a shake-up to how Wales is funded and for policing to be devolved.
The SNP insist Labour's tax and spending plans will mean £18bn in cuts, but Anas Sarwar says no to austerity.
Here’s what you need to know about how you register to vote and when.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Labour's pledges to drive growth and fix public services, as well as scepticism over their funding, lead the papers.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
BBC Sport TV and radio commentators pick the players they think could be the breakout stars of Euro 2024.
Lydia Alford, Myra Roberts and Edna Birkbeck evacuated injured WW2 soldiers, while coming under enemy fire.
June has started colder than average, are there any signs of warmer weather on the way?
Mifepristone is used in medication abortion, the most common method of ending pregnancies in the US.  
PM Giorgia Meloni will welcome other world leaders to Puglia after election success for her party.
In some areas, getting a grip on crime is a major election issue.
Alison McGee is to take over as the club's CEO alongside a number of new board members.
Fiction prize is won by US author VV Ganeshananthan for family drama  Brotherless Night.
Housebuilder Crest Nicholson warns on profits as the market softens while surveyors see confidence dip.
The radical preacher "bided his time" but undercover officers in the US recorded him, a court hears.
A woman who agreed to have protected sex with Guy Mukendi discovered he secretly removed the condom.
Motorcyclist Harry Dunn,19, died in a "head-on collision" outside RAF Croughton in August 2019.
The officer is said to have been angered by a court ruling against his wife.
Euro 2024 is finally here so how will the home nations fare and who are the favourites to win the tournament?
England give their hopes of progressing in the T20 World Cup a major boost with an emphatic thrashing of Oman in Antigua.
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy is joint leader of the US Open alongside American Patrick Cantlay after the opening round at Pinehurst's Number Two course.
Chelsea midfielder Conor Gallagher says he is only "focusing on England" at Euro 2024 amid reports of a potential summer departure away from his boyhood club.
Emma Raducanu continues her Wimbledon preparations by reaching the quarter-finals of the Nottingham Open with victory over Daria Snigur.
Captain Jos Buttler finishes 24 not out from just eight balls to complete the quickest run chase in T20 World Cup history, as England beat Oman.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
And Plaid Cymru’s manifesto & more Undercover Voters!
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, but is still above the 2% target.
Two National Insurance cuts came info effect in 2024, but many people are still paying more in tax.
Motorcyclist Harry Dunn,19, died in a "head-on collision" outside RAF Croughton in August 2019.
A dermatologist hits out at the law after new research suggests Belfast is the UK's sunbed capital. 
The stage is set in Munich for Scotland's fantasy football match - the opener in Euro 2024.
Messages, sent from a Conservative politician's phone, appear to ask staff member to maximise claims.
Gordon Brown, 3 Dads Walking and Susie Dent also given awards in the King's Birthday honours.
The campaigner had travelled to hear former CEO Paula Vennells give evidence when he received the news.
The Princess of Wales will make her first public appearance of the year at the King's birthday parade.
The Labour leader is grilled by the BBC's Nick Robinson on tax, growth, the NHS in a Panorama interview.
A new documentary revisits the "sadistic" 1990s reality show which preceded Big Brother.
Retailers are removing at least 56 types of sandwiches, wraps and salad from UK supermarket shelves.
It follows a coalition deal between the governing African National Congress and opposition parties.
Ms Duffield has previously faced death threats and abuse over her stance on sex and gender.
Unicef spokesman James Elder says severely malnourished children will not get the supplies they need.
Ukraine immediately branded the Russian president's proposals "offensive to common sense".
Laura Anne Jones is asked to "step back" from shadow cabinet while police investigate her expenses.
Two special programmes, including a final interview, are broadcast on the BBC on Friday.
Chris Mason and Henry Zeffman find Sunak supporters downbeat and Starmer's team buoyant as polls fail to narrow.
The Reform UK leader spoke to BBC Breakfast and Radio 5 Live about several issues on Friday morning.
Reform UK is gaining ground in the polls since the former UKIP leader's decision to stand as a candidate.
The figures are a huge turnaround on the 2019 election, when the Tories attracted 87% of all donations.
On Question Time Kate Forbes said the party would take applications on a "case by case" basis.
Your Voice, Your Vote - The BBC answers your questions about tactical voting.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Labour have being going out of its way to make a virtue out of the lack of surprises in its manifesto.
The BBC traces people behind social media profiles posting hundreds of repetitive messages backing Reform UK.
Craig Williams says he "placed a flutter" on the general election and the Gambling Commission were making inquiries.

The Princess of Wales' return to public life and the King's Birthday Honours leads Saturday's papers.
The artist says she didn’t think she’d be alive now, "let alone sitting here and becoming a dame".
South Africa unveils a government of national unity but the country still faces many key challenges.
The Princess of Wales continues on preventative chemotherapy with "good and bad days".
The vocal powerhouse tells the BBC about her devastating health battle and her comeback plans.
He is beloved by his millions of followers online, but would Musk's businesses have succeeded without him?
Companies are allowed to release raw sewage during bad weather, but the amount spilled has doubled in England.
The hosts defeated Steve Clarke's men 5-1 in the opening match of the tournament in Munich.
Euro 2024 is finally here so how will the home nations fare and who are the favourites to win the tournament?
Goalkeeper Jordan Pickford sees cause for encouragement as he prepares for his fourth major tournament with England.
All the final squads for Euro 2024 have now been named.
Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Wayne Rooney and company pick their England team for Sunday's Euro 2024 game against Serbia.
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
A look at the Premier League players selected to represent their countries at Euro 2024 in Germany this summer.
Who has the toughest group? Where will the games be played? And who are favourites to win the tournament?
In some areas, getting a grip on crime is a major election issue.
Both main parties stress their distinctive approaches, but what does the detail of their policies show?
A race for the lunar surface's resources is currently under way. What’s to stop a Wild West opening up?
Wells Fargo has fired a number of workers, after reviewing claims of fake keyboard activity. 
Thousands gather in several cities to protest a law change that could equate abortion to homicide.
A TV company investigated whether any complaints were made about his time on Big Brother spin-offs.
Data from English water firms suggests thousands more sewage spills took place on dry days, including during record 2022 heatwave.
James May says he won't team up with Jeremy Clarkson and Richard Hammond when the Amazon series ends.
The multi-billionaire had campaigned for the payout, which is worth up to $56bn.
Tsvetomir Genov was stabbed to death in an "unprovoked attack" in front of his 16-month-old son.
Scotland's fans have partied all week in Munich. Now the hangover has kicked in after Germany humbling, writes Tom English. 
Record-breaking Tour de France cyclist Mark Cavendish has been given a knighthood in the King's Birthday Honour's list.

Germany make an ideal start to their European Championship bid as a 5-1 demolition of Scotland in the Euro 2024 opener gets fans dreaming.
Ryan Porteous is sent off as Scotland lose 5-1 to Germany in the opening match of Euro 2024.
Watch Kai Havertz score a 'cool' penalty after Ryan Porteous is sent off for a bad tackle in the Uefa Euro 2024 at Arena Munchen.
Laura, Chris and Paddy answer your election questions.
The singer talks about her comeback from a debilitating neurological illness.
Michael’s last interview, How to Live a Good Life, with Prof Paul Bloom at Hay Festival.
From Paris suburbs to the pinnacle of football, a look at a once-in-a-generation talent.
Wayne Rooney’s definitive coming-of-age story, told by the man himself.
How and why has Pep Guardiola been able to revolutionise football?
Story of an extraordinary tournament, told through the voices of the women who took part.
How the health of the economy is measured, and why the GDP calculation matters.
Experts give advice for those who might be worried about their monthly mortgage payments.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, but is still above the 2% target.
Two National Insurance cuts came info effect in 2024, but many people are still paying more in tax.
UK renters have seen increases of 10% and two million are behind or struggling to pay.
The unemployment rate is relatively low historically, but millions aren't working.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Tsvetomir Genov was stabbed to death in an "unprovoked attack" in front of his 16-month-old son.
Mairtin Mac Gabhann says it “was not easy" to accept but that his son's campaign is bigger than politics.
The hosts defeated Steve Clarke's men 5-1 in the opening match of the tournament in Munich.
Laura Anne Jones is asked to "step back" from shadow cabinet while police investigate her expenses.
Leaders from Italy and Germany called the Russian president's plan "propaganda" and "dictatorial".
The princess, who is currently undergoing treatment for cancer, could be seen smiling and waving from the Buckingham Palace balcony.
Why is a man who has failed to get elected to Parliament seven times causing panic in Tory ranks?
The home secretary seeks an "urgent explanation" of why a police car was used to hit the animal twice.
Spanish football expert Guillem Balague looks at Lamine Yamal's rise to becoming the youngest player in European Championship history.
The soldiers were returning from an operation in Rafah when their vehicle is understood to have exploded.
There are reports of tensions over the wording of the final statement from this year's summit. 
A series of experiments have led a number of scientists to say animals may be conscious.
The celebrity chef stresses the importance of wearing a helmet, adding that he's "lucky to be standing".
Matt Richards' mum says they are "devastated" to find out the tickets are fake.
The UK's tallest rollercoaster suffered another breakdown, leaving riders in mid air for an hour.
England beat the rain and Namibia to keep their T20 World Cup defence alive but are still reliant on Australia beating Scotland.
And why is Grant Shapps worried about one?
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Ms Duffield has previously faced death threats and abuse over her stance on sex and gender.
The Labour leader is grilled by the BBC's Nick Robinson on tax, growth, the NHS in a Panorama interview.
A single opinion poll shaped a day on the campaign trail - but  Nigel Farage has had false dawns before.
Kate's return to public duties at the annual Trooping the Colour parade leads Sunday's newspapers.
The TV anchor shares the impact of reporting from war zones and personal toll of being a prominent public figure.
The parade, watched by thousands, was the Princess of Wales's first public appearance since her cancer diagnosis in January.
A new documentary revisits the "sadistic" 1990s reality show which preceded Big Brother.
Some consider award-winning animation Arcane the best videogame adaption ever - so why is it ending?  
After the success of BBC drama, series writer Daf James shares his own experience with adoption.
Aerial footage of humpback whales shows how efficiently they can twist and turn their huge bodies.
Watch as Albania's Nedim Bajrami strikes fast to put them ahead against Italy at the Uefa Euro 2024.
Watch Switzerland midfielder Michel Aebischer double Swiss lead with wonderful strike against Hungary in their opening Uefa Euro 2024 match in Cologne.
Scotland are saying all the right things after their abject defeat by Germany, but it's hard to keep the faith, writes Tom English.
Former England goalkeeper Joe Hart explains why central defenders Marc Guehi and John Stones will be ready to face Serbia.
Spain's Lamine Yamal becomes the first 16-year-old to play in a men's European Championship, starting the Euro 2024 match against Croatia.
Scotland's fans have partied all week in Munich. Now the hangover has kicked in after Germany humbling, writes Tom English. 
Ryan Porteous is sent off as Scotland lose 5-1 to Germany in the opening match of Euro 2024.
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
The paper has backed the Conservatives since 2010 but in 2024 that may change.
Tributes from the world of football to Kevin Campbell show he was a hugely popular amazing character, England boss Gareth Southgate says.
Paintings by van Gogh and Monet are among the works removed following new guidelines on stolen art.
Footage recorded by an eyewitness shows the moment people got stuck on a ride in Portland, Oregon.

Hamid Noury has returned to Tehran in exchange for two Swedish citizens detained by Iran.
Millwall and Montenegro goalkeeper Matija Sarkic dies at the age of 26.
The former Taoiseach said preparations must be stepped up for a possible end to the border 
Unsettled weather for now, but there might be drier intervals in the mix. Elizabeth Rizzini has the details.
England beat the rain and Namibia to keep their T20 World Cup defence alive but are still reliant on Australia beating Scotland.
The 2020 US Open champion Bryson DeChambeau takes a three-shot lead over Rory McIlroy and Patrick Cantlay into Sunday's final round.
Briton Chris Billam-Smith retained his WBO cruiserweight title with a dominant points win over compatriot Richard Riakporhe at Selhurst Park.
Spanish football expert Guillem Balague looks at Lamine Yamal's rise to becoming the youngest player in European Championship history.
Tributes from the world of football to Kevin Campbell show he was a hugely popular amazing character, England boss Gareth Southgate says.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
And why is Grant Shapps worried about one?
The home secretary seeks an "urgent explanation" of why a police car was used to hit the animal twice.
The former Taoiseach said preparations must be stepped up for a possible end to the border 
Fans faced hours-long queues for beers and toilets in the official Munich fan zone during the Scotland-Germany clash.
Some people complain that the prospect of buying a home is becoming more and more unrealistic.
Jude Bellingham's remarkable rise continued as he netted England's winner in their Euro 2024 opener against Serbia.
The remarks come as Ukraine's president hails international support at a summit in Switzerland.
A farmer whose runaway cow was rammed by police says the footage of the incident is a sorry sight.
Grant StClair-Armstrong says he will still contest the election and serve as an independent if elected.
Jordan's foreign ministry said its nationals had died "after suffering sun stroke due to the extreme heatwave".
Andy Murray says he would prefer to retire at Wimbledon or the Paris Olympics as his tennis career draws towards an end.
The man, who police say made threats with a pickaxe and an "incendiary device", was seriously injured.
A new film follows a boy as he tries to square a controversial practice with his family's hopes for him.
For all the focus on domestic issues, there will be plenty for whoever becomes PM to focus on abroad
News avoidance is now at record high levels, the Reuters Institute's 2024 Digital News Report says.
The announcement of a "local, tactical pause" in fighting triggered a furious response from far-right ministers.
Volunteers from Hoylake RNLI say it was a treat to see the pod of dolphins riding the waves.
John Curtice examines the latest opinion polls ahead of the 4 July general election.
The Lib Dem leader defends his party's tactics for getting its manifesto ideas across to the public.
A look at health and social care policies after warnings over ambitions.
Why is a man who has failed to get elected to Parliament seven times causing panic in Tory ranks?
England's winning start at Euro 2024 and Labour's plan for 650,000 jobs lead Monday's newspapers.
Three women explain why they left everyday life to join a religious order.
The DJ's father Klas on his son's legacy and family's mission to raise mental health awareness.
The statutory inquiry has reached a two-year milestone but was expected to conclude earlier this year.
Mark Butcher said there were "zero symptoms" before his terminal diagnosis. 
She is only just learning about Sir John Herbert's significant role in the catastrophe.
Scientists say tourists don't understand the dangers when they sign up for hiking trips.
England fans celebrated England's win over Serbia, but are still unsure if the team can win the Euros. 
England fans were involved in "an altercation" with Serbia supporters before their teams' opening Euro 2024 match in Gelsenkirchen.
Jude Bellingham's first half header secures victory for England in their opening Group C Uefa Euro 2024 match at the Arena AufSchalke.
Netherlands supporters turned the streets of Hamburg orange before their opening game against Poland - as they have done for decades.
Scotland head coach Steve Clarke says he had to "kick a couple of backsides" and "give a couple of cuddles" after admitting some miscommunication contributed to their humbling defeat by Germany.
A teenage star, broken records and goals galore - the European Championship has packed plenty into its first two days.
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
Spanish football expert Guillem Balague looks at Lamine Yamal's rise to becoming the youngest player in European Championship history.
A series of experiments have led a number of scientists to say animals may be conscious.
Jordan Bardella's rise has been meteoric after being spotted by Marine Le Pen
Why is a man who has failed to get elected to Parliament seven times causing panic in Tory ranks?
A selection of the photographs on a given theme.
During a visit to Adelaide Zoo, China's Premier Li Qiang gets into a bit of panda diplomacy.
Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis post a Father's Day tribute to Prince William in their first social media post.
Is this piece of furniture really a literary relic, or part of a Victorian money-making hustle?
Dancer and actress Bonnie Langford returned as Melanie Bush on Saturday.
The HGV driver failed to report hitting and damaging a 250-year-old canal bridge.
The economic crisis means millions of Nigerian Muslims will not be celebrating Eid al-Adha as normal.
American Bryson DeChambeau wins his second US Open title after Rory McIlroy collapses with three bogeys in final four holes.
Jude Bellingham's first half header secures victory for England in their opening Group C Uefa Euro 2024 match at the Arena AufSchalke.
Pakistan hold on to claim a nervy three-wicket win over Ireland as disappointing T20 World Cup campaigns for both sides come to an end.
Jude Bellingham's remarkable rise continued as he netted England's winner in their Euro 2024 opener against Serbia.
Katie Boulter retains the Nottingham Open title after coming from a set down to beat Karolina Pliskova.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
A look at health and social care policies after warnings over ambitions.
If you're struggling to afford your gas and electricity bills, what options are available?
The interest paid on savings is better than anything seen for years, so how can you save when bills are rising?
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of manslaughter, say Nottinghamshire Police.
The Departure of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) is investigating the incident. 
John Swinney refused to confirm whether the SNP would avoid adopting a 'presumption against' new north sea exploration.
Protests spread in the wake of a consultation over Welsh government payments to farmers.
One staff member was recorded saying he wanted to drown a pupil “like a kitten” - Panorama undercover.

Nigel Farage says "this should be the immigration election" as he launched his party plans in Merthyr Tydfil.
The move comes just over a week after two centrist politicians quit the top decision-making body. 
Sir Ian McKellen was in a fight scene when he lost his footing and fell off stage at Noël Coward theatre.
After a cold and dull start to summer, could we be about to see our weather turn warmer and drier?
The musician, whose had a smash hit with Sunchyme, was diagnosed with stage four cancer last year.
Surrey Police is facing questions after a calf was apparently hit twice by a car.
Russia's president is due to meet Kim Jong Un on Tuesday, his first visit to North Korea since 2000.
Former senior officer makes comments in Greek apparently contradicting his interview in English.
A French election is driving down the value of French listed companies, analysts say
King Charles and Queen Camilla were in Windsor for the colourful Order of the Garter ceremony.
The entrepreneur, 42, said he has stepped back to focus on his role as a father. 
BBC Verify examines Labour claims about the cost of planned Tory borrowing 
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Reform UK manifesto.
Jeremy Hunt suggested key manifesto promises on welfare cuts had been announced by the government last year.
Sir Ed Davey says rural communities struggling with "outrageous pump prices" need more support.
The proposal would see people on low incomes, the elderly and disabled pay less on energy bills.
Newcastle and Sunderland have traditionally battled it out, but there may be a surprise contender.
Leader of Reform UK attacks Welsh Labour government in launch of party's "contract" with voters. 
Here’s what you need to know about how you register to vote and when.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Only a lucky few have ever heard the Wu-Tang Clan's uber-exclusive Once Upon a Time in Shaolin album.
Public transport, cafes and supermarkets are now off limits to men trying to avoid being enlisted.
Mural campaign highlights that12 people under 35 die from cardiac arrest each week in the UK.
More than 40 people are alleged to have died as a result of Greek coastguard actions, BBC analysis reveals.


Spain is looking at storing electricity or increasing demand to solve electricity oversupply.
Ukraine aimed to seize the initiative through diplomacy - with some success, says the BBC's Sarah Rainsford. 
A Spanish filmmaker turned the cameras on herself and made a "sextortion diary" after being blackmailed.
For all the focus on domestic issues, there will be plenty for whoever becomes PM to focus on abroad
The paper has backed the Conservatives since 2010 but in 2024 that may change.
A series of experiments have led a number of scientists to say animals may be conscious.
Jordan Bardella's rise has been meteoric after being spotted by Marine Le Pen
Ex-England captain Alan Shearer says Harry Kane's role against Serbia was different to what we are used to, but just as important for the team.
Jude Bellingham's first half header secures victory for England in their opening Group C Uefa Euro 2024 match at the Arena AufSchalke.
Jude Bellingham celebrated his England goal with a celebration honouring the game 'Wolf' - but what is 'Wolf' and how do you play it? 
Kieran Tierney has urged Scotland to "make new memories" in Wednesday's crucial Euro 2024 Group A meeting with Switzerland.
Gareth Southgate has plenty of food for thought after England's "solid rather than spectacular" start at Euro 2024, writes Phil McNulty.
England fans were involved in "an altercation" with Serbia supporters before their teams' opening Euro 2024 match in Gelsenkirchen.
Who has the toughest group? Where will the games be played? And who are favourites to win the tournament?
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
Spanish football expert Guillem Balague looks at Lamine Yamal's rise to becoming the youngest player in European Championship history.
Gary Lineker, Alan Shearer, Wayne Rooney and company pick their England team for Sunday's Euro 2024 game against Serbia.
All the final squads for Euro 2024 have now been named.
A look at the Premier League players selected to represent their countries at Euro 2024 in Germany this summer.
Corey Sewell caused the death of his friend in the Birmingham crash in a 30mph speed limit zone.
Vivek Murthy says social media increases the risk that children will experience anxiety and depression.
There were boos from some fans in Germany when images of Ukraine's flag and president were shown.
A number of foreigners have gone missing as Greece suffers its earliest heatwave on record.
Margins are rising amid the election "distraction", the group says, but retailers say they face higher costs.
The Royal Air Force's jets left trails of white, blue and red as they flew over central London on Saturday.
Victor Lee was stabbed and pushed into a canal by Elijah Gokool-Mely, who met him to buy weapons.
Kylian Mbappe is always the headline act when he pulls on the France shirt, but an old campaigner shared top billing by rolling back the years against Austria.
Rory McIlroy says his late collapse at the US Open was one of the "toughest" days in his near 17-year professional career.
Slovakia pulled off one of the biggest upsets in European Championship history with their victory over Belgium, who suffered from "lousy finishing".
Captain Kylian Mbappe sustains a potentially broken nose during France's 1-0 win over Austria in their opening Euro 2024 game.
Ons Jabeur and Aryna Sabalenka say they will not compete at this summer's Olympic Games in Paris in order to prioritise their health.
With Royal Ascot getting under way on Tuesday, BBC Sport previews the meeting - with details of race times, runners and weather.
Watch highlights as France edge Austria in their opening Euro 2024 Group D match at Dusseldorf Arena.
And Reform UK unveils election pledges
Recruiters, a manager and a workplace psychologist give their advice on how to negotiate for more money.
Three people have been arrested, including two on suspicion of manslaughter. 
The 74-year-old was found with serious head injuries in the bathroom of a house on Saturday.
The health board is expected to send out leaflets to all homes describing the situation as “extremely serious".
What do young people in Newport think about the general election, and why are they voting?
Phones4U founder John Caudwell gave the Conservatives £500K before the last general election.
The Russian leader is making his first trip to North Korea in more than 24 years.
It’s a two-horse race here, leaflets put out by political parties often claim. Can you trust them?
The stock ended the trading day at nearly $136, up 3.5%, making it more valuable than Microsoft.
A decision not to prosecute the four retired officers was upheld by the CPS after it was challenged.
The pop star was arrested and formally charged on Tuesday morning, local officials told the BBC.
The Nintendo heroine takes the starring role in one of its most popular series for the first time.
Independent investigator says Post Office tried to obstruct probe into IT flaws.
The White House affirmed its military support of Israel, saying only one shipment had been paused. 
Boeing's CEO defended the company and pledged that it has learned from past mistakes. 
Britain's Andy Murray begins what is likely to be his final Queen's appearance with a gritty win over Australia's Alexei Popyrin.
As part of our election coverage, the BBC wants to better understand what matters most to you, the voters.
Boris Johnson is backing Tory candidates and warning about Reform but has yet to appear on the campaign trail.
Labour has confirmed it will change the way private school fees are taxed if it wins the election.
The BBC’s Marianna Spring has been using her Undercover Voters to analyse how the election is being fought on social media.
The BBC has spoken to residents in the Towy Valley about their views on a huge wind turbine project.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The key examination for medical colleges in India has been mired in allegations of paper leaks and fraud. 
With the Paris Olympic games coming up and extreme heat already affecting parts of Europe, there are concerns for athletes and spectators.
A large portion of US voters see immigration as a primary concern ahead of the November election. 
Gazans are facing food shortages, as the WHO warns thousands of children are acutely malnourished.
The peace prize laureate was convicted of spreading “propaganda against the system”, her lawyer says.
Nurse Carol McGachie said she felt like she had been plugged into the mains every night.
The BBC joins a prized (and odd) listening session in Australia, for tracks that exist only on a single CD.
Do promises to leave various tax rates alone have any credibility, asks the BBC's economics editor.
BBC commentator Liam McLeod with the lowdown on Scotland's next opponents at Euro 2024.
Both official UEFA fan zones in Cologne where matches are being shown on big screens are closed. 
Turkey's Arda Guler has become the latest youngster to shine at Euro 2024 with stunning strike in win against Georgia.
Captain Kylian Mbappe breaks his nose as France open their Euro 2024 campaign with a victory over Austria.
England midfielder Kobbie Mainoo says the "great journey" Denmark and Manchester United team-mate Christian Eriksen has been on is "amazing" before their Euros match on Thursday.
BBC pundit and ex-Germany international Thomas Hitzlsperger says he scouted Jamal Musiala when he was at Chelsea, but thought something was lacking.
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
The actress died at her home in Paris on Tuesday morning by her daughter's side. 
The Japanese state visit to the UK will not include the traditional trip to meet the prime minister.
Mr Barton apologises “for the distress" Mr Vine had suffered over his comments made on social media.
The voice recognition system seems not to have recognised what customers were really ordering.
The charges all relate to the Hinduja family's practice of importing servants from India.
The pay deal, worth up to 19.4% for some, comes after months of negotiations. 
The Nevada monolith is one of number of similar structures have been found around the world in recent years.
Cristiano Ronaldo didn't mark his record-breaking appearance with a goal against Czech Republic, but for fans and his team-mates he still has an important role to play for Portugal.
Britain's Andy Murray begins what is likely to be his final Queen's appearance with a gritty win over Australia's Alexei Popyrin.
Watch highlights as Portugal's Francisco Conceicao nets an injury-time winner in their opening Euro 2024 Group F match against Czech Republic at the Leipzig Stadium.
Turkey's Arda Guler has become the latest youngster to shine at Euro 2024 with stunning strike in win against Georgia.
And, is Boris Johnson back on the campaign trail?
The war in Ukraine has shifted the balance of power between Moscow, Pyongyang and Beijing
From being first in the queue to being more flexible, here are some tips on how to get ahead in the rental race.
With weak competition adding to fuel prices, are drivers doing the right things to save money?
Police are searching for the biological parents of Baby Elsa, who was left in January, and her siblings.
Helen Maher says she has felt harassed by "disgusting" messages made about her online.
Scotland's First Minister John Swinney will call for an end to public spending cuts at the SNP's manifesto launch.
Justin Williams is one of many whose savings have eroded and mortgage rates have increased.
The Conservatives say they are in touch with the Gambling Commission "about a small number of individuals".
Despite inflation falling to 2%, experts are expecting interest rates to be held at a 16-year high.
Ms Marten, 37, and Mr Gordon, 50, denied manslaughter by gross negligence of their baby Victoria.
There are signs President Xi disapproves of his allies' alliance, the BBC's China correspondent says.
The move comes the day before celebrations for the Summer Solstice.
The seven-month-old was rushed to hospital after the attack on Sunday, but died later, police say.
A number of England fans at Euro 2024 were filmed singing a controversial chant referencing German casualties in World War Two.
The singer was arrested for running a stop sign and failing to stay on the right side of the road.
Jay Slater hasn't been seen since he left his friends in Tenerife  48 hours ago.
Henry Zeffman: Will falling inflation change minds on the campaign trail?
Charlie Cosser was stabbed three times in a marquee at a party attended by more than 100 people.
As well as being a donor, Zia Yusuf will also have a public role for Reform UK during the campaign.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the SNP manifesto.
Mary Lou McDonald was speaking at the launch of Sinn Féin's manifesto for the UK general election.


The SNP's manifesto says a vote for the party is a vote for independence - but could they turn it into reality?
The chancellor is the latest senior Tory to acknowledge his party could be on course for defeat. 
The BBC's analysis editor answers some of your questions about constituency 
boundary changes.
The former prime minister Boris Johnson is not expected on the campaign trail between now and polling day.
Andy Brown suggests his Facebook account may have been hacked and says he has been "hung out to dry". 
What do those priced out of home ownership want to hear from those seeking their vote?
It comes as fresh details emerge about social media posts by some Reform UK candidates.

The Conservatives say they can save £12bn from the welfare budget but Labour argue there are no extra savings to be had.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Doctors are fighting to save people from heat strokes in a first-of-its-kind clinic in India's capital.
On Israel's northern border, the line between deterrence and desire for war is getting harder to see.
Edward and Sophie celebrated their silver wedding anniversary by releasing a new portrait. 
The Russian president gives car enthusiast Mr Kim a luxury Russian-made Aurus car during his visit.
The A-lister is the latest star to land a solo exhibition at London's V&A.
Displaced people in Gaza run the risk of disease as more than 300,000 tonnes of waste piles up.
It’s a two-horse race here, leaflets put out by political parties often claim. Can you trust them?
Gareth Southgate says England must not take major tournaments wins for granted, ahead of facing Denmark at Euro 2024.
Albania have shown they did not come to Euro 2024 to make up the numbers after a dramatic draw left Croatia's golden generation of players on the brink of an early exit.
Both the King and Princess of Wales were absent as they both continue treatment for cancer.
Law requires a poster in all public schools classrooms, up to university level, by 2025.
Ada Sagi says her ordeal destroyed her belief that peace is possible between Israelis and Palestinians.
Carol Morgan was found dead in the shop she ran with her husband more than 40 years ago.
The ex-footballer had already agreed to pay £75,000 over a series of defamatory social media posts.
Talks have been held over the potential collapse of tech firm Atos, which runs vital UK public services.
Visitors to Kew Gardens are still able to catch a glimpse - and whiff - of the Titan arum plant.
Scotland and Switzerland both miss big chances and share the points after playing out a 1-1 draw in their Group A game in Cologne.



Andy Murray remains hopeful the back injury which ended his Queen's campaign will not deny him what is expected to be a final appearance at Wimbledon.
Scotland show their best qualities - as well as their worst - to get their Euro 2024 campaign back on track, writes Tom English.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
Newscast and Newsnight unite in Birmingham
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, meeting the 2% target.
Bank of England interest rates affect mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
Coroner Tom Osborne says there were failings by authorities in monitoring suspect Neil Maxwell.
A march past Ardoyne shops is now being sought on the evening of 12 July.
Sue Taylor-Franklin had to crowdfund money to pay for knee surgery in Lithuania.
The prime minister promises to "boot out" anyone found to have broken gambling laws from the Conservatives.
BBC Verify examines claims on spending, migration, Brexit, and the NHS, among other issues.
Whoever forms the next government is going to find it hard to ignore the issue of university funding
North Korea is building sections of what appears to be a wall in several places near its border with South Korea, new satellite images show.
The star of films including The Hunger Games and Animal House has died after a long illness. 
Letter reveals the government admits misleading Parliament over cases of Afghan special forces.
Jay Slater who is missing in Tenerife told a friend he was lost and thirsty before his phone cut off.  
The World Health Organization says fake drugs, used for type-2 diabetes and weight loss, are a danger to health.
The Bank of England keeps borrowing costs unchanged, but hints it could cut rates later in the summer.
A Holyrood complaint claims that stamps bought on MSPs' expenses were passed to UK election candidates.
The 21 sailors have been on-board the container ship in Baltimore since it struck the Key Bridge in late March. 
New British men's number one Jack Draper continues his memorable week with a notable win over Wimbledon champion Carlos Alcaraz at Queen's.
Just two weeks from election day, party leaders face tough questions from a BBC Question Time audience.
Sir Keir Starmer was among four leaders to face a grilling from a BBC Question Time audience. 
Are the Conservatives really on course for an election 'wipeout'? Or should we be sceptical about the polls?
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Our cost of living correspondent answers your questions about housing and personal finance.
Everyone voting in person at the general election on 4 July will have to show valid photo ID.
The places Labour is aiming to win at the general election.
The Scottish Greens promise to "turbo charge" Scotland's journey to net zero.
The Alliance Party launches its 2024 election manifesto, setting out the party's plans.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the SNP manifesto.
As well as being a donor, Zia Yusuf will also have a public role for Reform UK during the campaign.
Henry Zeffman: Will falling inflation change minds on the campaign trail?
BBC News NI correspondents examine the detail of Sinn Féin's manifesto for the general election.
The Canadian actor had a prolific screen career that included roles in Don't Look Now and The Hunger Games.
What is the summer solstice, when is it this year - and does it mean good weather?
The two superpowers are talking more often to avoid conflict, the US ambassador to China tells the BBC.
With hundreds thought dead, one victim's family say unregistered pilgrims have been failed by travel agents.
Freda Wellington says she is struggling to sleep properly after a no-fault eviction.
How was the conspiracy behind a killing uncovered after more than four decades?
Bank of England interest rates affect mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
England's draw with Denmark was "baffling and concerning" according to the pundits, but what exactly is going wrong for the Three Lions?
Watch highlights as England play out a frustrating 1-1 draw with Denmark in their second Group C game of Euro 2024 in Frankfurt. 
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
There are signs President Xi disapproves of his allies' alliance, the BBC's China correspondent says.
It’s a two-horse race here, leaflets put out by political parties often claim. Can you trust them?
Do promises to leave various tax rates alone have any credibility, asks the BBC's economics editor.
For all the focus on domestic issues, there will be plenty for whoever becomes PM to focus on abroad
Cases have been linked to pre-packed sandwiches containing lettuce - but investigations continue.
A new report says extreme heat from May to June was driven by planet-warming emissions from humans.
The inquest into the death of Gill Catchpole comes to an end at Gloucestershire Coroner's Court.
Scientists say the disaster changed ‘rules of the game’ in monkey society as sharing shade became vital.
Two-time British Olympic champion Katie Archibald will miss next month's Games after breaking her leg in a freak accident in her garden.
Sir Ian McKellen will not return to his starring West End role as he recovers from a fall off stage. 
People living near Yr Wyddfa say visitors leave litter and use their gardens as toilets.
England's draw with Denmark was "baffling and concerning" according to the pundits, but what exactly is going wrong for the Three Lions?
Gareth Southgate's "experiment" of playing Trent Alexander-Arnold in England's midfield is surely over, writes Phil McNulty.
Watch highlights as England play out a frustrating 1-1 draw with Denmark in their second Group C game of Euro 2024 in Frankfurt. 
New British men's number one Jack Draper continues his memorable week with a notable win over Wimbledon champion Carlos Alcaraz at Queen's.
Adam, Chris and Alex unpack the Leaders’ Question Time performance
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
Bank of England interest rates affect mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, meeting the 2% target.
The inquest into the death of Gill Catchpole comes to an end at Gloucestershire Coroner's Court.
DUP leader Gavin Robinson said he did not detect an “appetite” for trouble and hoped a resolution could be found.
A Holyrood complaint claims that stamps bought on MSPs' expenses were passed to UK election candidates.
Five parties are set to go head to head in Friday's live televised debate.
The Reform UK leader told the BBC that "of course" the war was President Vladimir Putin's fault. 
An 18-year-old who hasn't had his A-levels results yet is among those standing in the general election.
Plaid Cymru and Welsh Lib Dems urge next UK government to scrap the limit, during live TV debate.
Jay Slater, 19, has not been heard from since Monday when he said he needed water and had 1% battery. 
Four Hinduja family members were given prison sentences ranging from four to four-and-a-half years. 
Please Please Please has overtaken Carpenter's own hit, Espresso, to reach number one on the UK charts.
Socialist Jaume Collboni said he does not plan to renew any of the 10,101 tourist licenses granted to landlords when they expire. 
Rebel groups in rural Colombia are using social media to recruit young people to their ranks. 
Robin Windsor will be honoured with a special award by his former dance partner Lisa Riley.
A new podcast uncovers the full strange and dark case of Kim Avis, including his early days as punk.
English Heritage say they removed the paint ahead of thousands of people celebrating the summer solstice. 
Police are "satisfied" that no criminal offences have been committed in relation to the dog attack.
Albania, Bosnia, Croatia and Montenegro suffer simultaneous power cuts as the region swelters in a heatwave.
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
The Conservative Party says it would review licencing laws in a bid to boost the night-time economy.
Labour raised nearly £4.4m in the second week of the campaign, way ahead of the Tories' £292,500.
Survivors and relatives of those killed urge commitments on venue security and caring for victims.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The BBC's chief political correspondent analyses the key moments of Thursday's Leaders' Special.
BBC Verify examines claims on spending, migration, Brexit, and the NHS, among other issues.
Keir Starmer says he wants to stop landlords encouraging higher rent offers to secure properties. 
Adam, Chris and Alex unpack the Leaders’ Question Time performance
The UK considering hitting back at hackers and JK Rowling taking aim at Keir Starmer lead the papers.
BBC sees hundreds of pallets of food sitting in the sun, just miles from starving Palestinians.
Allegations around some of those who might have known the date in advance are still making headlines.
 

After a cool start to June, temperatures will climb over the next few days but how long will the warmth last? 
The scion of one of America's wealthiest families is so far the Trump 2024 campaign's largest donor. 
Hundreds of people are feared to have died and several countries have opened investigations.
Scots actress Karen Gillan's new role made her face up to the pitfalls of social media.
Ex-England captain Alan Shearer explains why it is better for Three Lions players to stay in the bubble at their team camp to deal with criticism over their performances at Euro 2024.
Scotland defender Kieran Tierney is left "heartbroken" after being ruled out of Euro 2024 with the hamstring injury picked up against Switzerland.
Child star, teen social media icon and now wanted by Europe's top clubs, is it time for Xavi Simons to star for the Netherlands at Euro 2024?
Hungary have ridden back into contention for international honours on the back of billions of euros and one man's passion for football. 
Whoever forms the next government is going to find it hard to ignore the issue of university funding
Some cheaper lotions from supermarkets Aldi and Lidl outperformed more expensive brands, Which? said.
Around 3,000 people took the plunge in the River Derwent in Hobart to mark the winter solstice.
The Russian president said it would be a "big mistake" if Seoul sent lethal weapons to Kyiv.
A man hiking in the California wilderness has stumbled upon a pet donkey that has been missing for five years. 
The image was posted online by the Princess of Wales to mark her husband's 42nd birthday. 
Yasuhiro Kobayashi, 58, was found by a colleague on Friday afternoon. 
Should the players take responsibility? Are England missing Jordan Henderson? Will Anthony Gordon play? The England inquest rolls on.
England have positives to take from defeat by South Africa, if they improve they can still be contenders at the T20 World Cup.
France fail to score without Kylian Mbappe in the starting XI but boss Didier Deschamps says he is "unconcerned" by his side's struggles.
Declan Rice says England have “put too much pressure on ourselves” after the 1-1 draw with Denmark in their second group game at Euro 2024.
Fiona Bruce presents a two-hour leaders' special from York.
Adam and Laura answer your election questions
Many draft-eligible Ukrainians are hiding from mobilisation squads
How does government borrowing work, and how and when is the money paid back?
Police are "satisfied" that no criminal offences have been committed in relation to the dog attack.
Cathal Crotty was given a fully suspended sentence after beating a woman in a random street attack.
Andy Cross had been seconded to Ferguson shipyard to oversee construction of Glen Sannox
Plaid Cymru and Welsh Lib Dems urge next UK government to scrap the limit, during live TV debate.
The Israeli military says the man was a suspect in a raid in the West Bank, but its forces violated protocol.
Labour is quietly preparing for government - even if many of them still don't believe they can win.
A fourth Tory is being investigated for allegedly placing dozens of bets on the general election date.
Jay Slater, 19, has not been heard from since Monday after going missing on the island of Tenerife. 
Thirteen people have been arrested after the fire ripped through a pine forest on the island of Hydra. 
 In England, the care system is struggling but the main parties have steered away from detailed plans.

The Prince of Wales celebrated his 42nd birthday at the singer's Wembley gig.
The comments included remarks about murdered MP Jo Cox and a black reality TV contestant.
The British champion tells BBC's Desert Island Discs he is not too keen on his son, JJ, entering the ring.
Many have hit out at the brand online, suggesting they would return fewer items if sizing was consistent.
Several people are wounded after Russia targeted Ukraine's energy network for a second time this week.
Omagh teenager Alice McGrath is the latest face of high fashion after being discovered online. 
The singer on the threat of AI-generated music, and why she missed her chance to join Fleetwood Mac.
Nigel Farage is accused of being on the side of the Russian president by his Tory, Labour, Lib Dem and SNP rivals.
Labour, Tory and Lib Dem plans for social care reform in England are not fully costed, the IFS says.
An 18-year-old who hasn't had his A-levels results yet is among those standing in the general election.
Labour says it is "the party of women's equality" after the author criticises Sir Keir Starmer on trans rights.
Sir Keir Starmer criticises Conservative candidate Johnny Mercer who accused his rival of lying.
The Conservative Party says it would review licencing laws in a bid to boost the night-time economy.
Plaid Cymru and Welsh Lib Dems urge next UK government to scrap the limit, during live TV debate.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Fiscal challenges Labour could face and fallout from Nigel Farage's Ukraine war claims lead the papers.
A German girl organises a big contribution to a South African charity tackling period-poverty issues.
Israel’s leaders and citizens appear ready for military options to push Hezbollah back from Lebanese border.
The airbase, named after a 19th Century Romanian politician, is set to be Nato's biggest in Europe.
"It's something you never imagine will happen to you," says João, 63, who under went a partial amputation.
A new podcast uncovers the full strange and dark case of Kim Avis, including his early days as punk.
Rebel groups in rural Colombia are using social media to recruit young people to their ranks. 
Fans invading the pitch to try to take selfies with players is "a concern", says Portugal manager Roberto Martinez.
BBC Sport looks at the data on how tired England's players might be and their lack of pressing at Euro 2024.
Netherlands boss Ronald Koeman insists Xavi Simons' disallowed goal should have stood in the 0-0 draw against France at Euro 2024.
Should the players take responsibility? Are England missing Jordan Henderson? Will Anthony Gordon play? The England inquest rolls on.
Declan Rice says England have “put too much pressure on ourselves” after the 1-1 draw with Denmark in their second group game at Euro 2024.
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
A teacher and former policy adviser at the Department for Education discuss Labour’s proposed policy.
Footage shows the pets being treated by firefighters, having been rescued before a roof collapses.
The key examination for medical colleges has been mired in allegations of paper leaks and fraud. 
Two attacks on what Israel called Hamas infrastructure killed at least 38 people, the Palestinian group says.

The actor had a recurring role as Kamekona Tupuola in the crime drama series.
Four Hinduja family members were given prison sentences ranging from four to four-and-a-half years. 
When Belgium needed him most captain Kevin de Bruyne delivers yet another masterclass, writes Phil McNulty.
Fans invading the pitch to try to take selfies with players is "a concern", says Portugal manager Roberto Martinez.
Adam Wharton says he can be Kalvin Phillips' replacement in Gareth Southgate's England midfield at Euro 2024.
BBC Sport's football expert Chris Sutton gives his predictions for the final round of group games at Euro 2024
And Laura gets her hands on an internal Labour memo to candidates.
Sgt John McKelvie was killed when an armoured vehicle rolled down a hill at Catterick Garrison.
Cathal Crotty was given a fully suspended sentence after beating a woman in a random street attack.
The sportswear firm has settled a lawsuit led by council workers from the north-east of Scotland for $434m.
The Welsh government tells Natural Resources Wales to review its actions following complaints.
Hungary striker Barnabas Varga is stable in hospital after being carried off on a stretcher following a mid-air collision in their Euro 2024 match against Scotland.
Oran, who is 13, was sometimes having hundreds of seizures a day due to his severe epilepsy.
Unidentified gunmen in the southern Russian republic kill six police officers and wound 12 more.
Margaret Thatcher had Essex Man and New Labour boasted Mondeo Man. Now it's the turn of Renter Ruth.
The regulator is looking at other people with links to the Conservative Party, Chris Mason writes.
Most were unregistered pilgrims who walked long distances in intense heat, officials said.
Supermodels, singers and sports star took to the runway in Paris as Vogue turned a square into a runway.
An investigation will be held after flights from Terminals 1 and 2 were cancelled after a power cut.
A man, aged in his 70s, is found dead in Heron Lake, Crossways, just after midnight on Sunday.
A yellow heat-health alert will be issued for most of England from 08:00 BST on Monday.
Authorities are still looking for Jay Slater, who vanished in a mountainous area of the island on Monday.
Loud explosions were heard and a large plume of smoke was drifting towards Glasgow after the fire broke out.
The BBC's analysis editor looks at whether Brexit is still a key issue for general election voters.
Bridget Phillipson says draft guidance has some "good" parts but "other elements" are "too partisan".
The first minister responds to fresh claims about SNP parliamentary resources being used for campaigning.
The Tory candidate - who worked for the home secretary - was heard making the remark at an event.
Our favourite number cruncher Sir John Curtice looks at how the parties are doing as the general election looms nearer.
The comments included remarks about murdered MP Jo Cox and a black reality TV contestant.
Labour is quietly preparing for government - even if many of them still don't believe they can win.
Labour's plans to ease transition rules and claims of a broader election betting investigation lead the papers.
Why the former Fujitsu engineer is such a key figure in the Post Office scandal.
The NHL team could break Canada's 31-year Stanley Cup drought in a make-or-break Game 7 against the Florida Panthers.
One passenger describes seeing people climbing over one another after a major power cut hit the airport.
They're the biggest-selling act in the world, and they're about to play the Pyramid Stage.
Moscow has effectively replaced the mercenary group's influence in Africa and Ukraine, experts say.
Watch as Hungary's Kevin Csoboth scores the winner deep into stoppage time to knock out Scotland in their final group game at Euro 2024 in Stuttgart.
Albania forward Mirlind Daku has been banned for two matches after leading his country's fans in derogatory chants.
England captain Harry Kane says former internationals who are now pundits should "remember what it’s like to wear the shirt".
Every side has now played at least twice at Euro 2024. BBC Sport takes a look at the state of the group stage and tells you who needs what to qualify.
Fans invading the pitch to try to take selfies with players is "a concern", says Portugal manager Roberto Martinez.
When Belgium needed him most captain Kevin de Bruyne delivers yet another masterclass, writes Phil McNulty.
 In England, the care system is struggling but the main parties have steered away from detailed plans.

Funding concerns are expected to see Saudi Arabia reduce its giant building schemes.
England charge into the semi-finals of the T20 World Cup with a ruthless 10-wicket thrashing of the United States.
The victim, who was staying at a nearby lodge, strayed into the car-only safari zone at Thoiry park.
James Pearce, a Somerset-based paraglider, shared images of the site from thousands of feet up.
Teams create the wackiest homemade soapboxes, relying on gravity to navigate the downhill course.
Saturday saw a headline set from the Pet Shop Boys, as well as performances from S Club and Jessie J.
Photographer Lee McGrath waited hours to capture the amazing phenomenon on the south Wales coast. 
The footballing gods have had their fun with Scotland again as their Euro dreams die, writes Tom English. 
Furious Scotland head coach Steve Clarke has railed against the decision not to award his side a penalty as they crashed out of Euro 2024.
England bowler Chris Jordan stars on the return to his birthplace Barbados to help his team into the T20 World Cup semi-finals. 
Hungary striker Barnabas Varga is stable in hospital after being carried off on a stretcher following a mid-air collision in their Euro 2024 match against Scotland.
A man, aged in his 70s, is found dead in Heron Lake, Crossways, just after midnight on Sunday.
The Earl of Shaftesbury says he would transfer ownership "into a charity or community trust model".
Elin Williams does not expect to be able to vote independently - like every election so far.
The Wikileaks founder will plead guilty to US criminal charges to avoid extradition, according to court documents.
The prime minister says his party has launched an investigation alongside the Gambling Commission's inquiry. 
England qualify for the last 16 of Euro 2024 with a group game to spare after Spain beat Albania on Monday.
The NHS said Patients should continue to attend their appointments unless they have been told otherwise.
Russia says US-made missiles programmed by American specialists were used in an attack which killed four.
The former nurse is on trial accused of the attempted murder of a baby girl in 2016.
The King's sister suffered minor injuries on her estate and is expected to make a full recovery, the palace says.
Adrian Ramsay tells the BBC his party's tax take would be "fairly normal" by European standards.
Louis Vuitton, Dior, Hermes, Rick Owens, Loewe, Kenzo and Dries Van Noten all introduce new collections in Paris. 
Temperatures could continue to rise and reach 30C in some spots this week, forecasters say.
Despite years of Islamist attacks in Dagestan, Moscow wants to blame external actors for Sunday's attack.
Friends and family members of Jay Slater have put up 'missing' posters at the resort he was staying in.
At least eight people have died in the large office building fire in Fryazino, near Moscow.
The BBC is not allowed to report details of campaigning while the polls are open on election day.
BBC News NI correspondents examine the detail of the DUP's manifesto for the general election.
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Six days before France votes, the National Rally leader says he is the only credible alternative.
A simple guide on how to get a good night's sleep in the heat.
It is well-established that reports of domestic violence increase during international tournaments. 
Darren Peattie put everything into his dream of harvesting salt - at massive risk to his health.
The number of children in care is rising, but one council is doing things differently.
With several Premier League clubs trading home-grown academy players between themselves, is this another PSR loophole?
The people behind milestone lesbian kisses from Brookside, Doctor Who, I Kissed a Girl and more talk about the importance of seeing LGBT love on screen.
England qualify for the last 16 of Euro 2024 with a group game to spare after Spain beat Albania on Monday.
Watch as Croatia captain Luka Modric opens the scoring moments after his penalty was saved by goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma in the Euro 2024 Group B match at the Leipzig Stadium.





Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
Scotland head coach Steve Clarke must realise that more of the same is not good enough after his side's Euro 2024 exit, writes Tom English.
Spanish football expert Guillem Balague charts how Croatia and Real Madrid's Luka Modric defied the odds to become one of the game's very best.
England manager Gareth Southgate says he has learned to block out criticism and that he and his players have been "brutally honest" about where they need to improve.
Margaret Thatcher had Essex Man and New Labour boasted Mondeo Man. Now it's the turn of Renter Ruth.
Tamayo Perry was surfing when the attack happened in Hawaii on Sunday afternoon.
Kelce joined Swift on stage as a dancer for I Can Do It With a Broken Heart. 
The former Little Mix singer has announced her debut solo album will be released soon.
More than 1,500 balloons have been sent into South Korea from the North since May, officials say.
Andy Murray has not made a decision on whether he will be fit enough to make a planned Wimbledon farewell next week.
It is the first time a company has been found to be in breach of the Digital Markets Act (DMA).
The musician was celebrating his 26th birthday when he was "ambushed" in a car park, a representative says.
England qualify for the last 16 of Euro 2024 with a group game to spare after Spain beat Albania on Monday.
Australia’s T20 World Cup hopes are hanging by a thread after Rohit Sharma’s scintillating 92 leads India to a 24-run win and a place in the semi-finals.
Mattia Zaccagni's stoppage-time goal secures Italy a spot in the Euro 2024 knockout stages as they draw 1-1 against Croatia.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
Tesla’s shareholders want to give him $56 billion. Now it's up to a judge if he gets it
Aide to the home secretary James Sunderland made comments at an event in April.
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 can get the benefit.
Gavin Plumb, 37, wanted to commit "sexually motivated" violence against the TV star, a court hears.
The gun was found at the back of a property in James Street in the town on Monday afternoon.
Andrew Gregoire and Anthony Davidson are said to have followed Amy Rose Wilson at speed causing her car to crash.
Fuel prices in Wales are cheaper than England but dearer than Northern Ireland.
Rishi Sunak and Keir Starmer go head-to-head for the final time before next week's general election.
The gloves were off as Rishi Sunak and Sir Keir Starmer went head-to-head in the final TV debate of the election between the leaders.
There were combative exchanges during the last leaders' debate ahead of the general election.
The Conservative and Labour leaders have taken audience questions in a live BBC debate. Here their claims are fact-checked.
We’re in the spin room as Sunak and Starmer go head-to-head for the final time
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
Nuria Sajjad and Selena Lau were hit by a Land Rover after the driver suffered an epileptic seizure.
Troops pulled away from government buildings hours after the presidential palace was stormed. 
Zara Aleena, 35, was murdered as she walked home from a night out in east London, in June 2022.
The couple were convicted of concealing the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice, and will face a retrial after a jury failed to reach verdicts on some charges.
The tiny Pacific island was the most unlikely venue to witness the end of the long and bitter saga of Julian Assange.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage after the Three Lions top Group C.
Earlier this year, a string of men, mostly in politics, revealed they had received unsolicited WhatsApps.
Britain's Emma Raducanu saves match point on her way to knocking out world number five Jessica Pegula and reaching the quarter-finals at Eastbourne.
A temperature of 30.3C was recorded at London's Heathrow Airport, the Met Office says.
University exams taken using artificial intelligence beat those by real students, in a limited study.
The Princess Royal is in hospital after she sustained a minor head injury and concussion thought to have been caused by a horse.
Gareth Jenkins told the public inquiry he was asked to make his witness statement less emotive.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Conservative manifesto.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Labour manifesto.
Rishi Sunak is the UK's first British-Indian to be prime minister, the first Hindu, and also the youngest occupant of No 10 in modern times, where he lives with his wife and two daughters. 
The former lawyer hopes to lead his party to government at the general election on 4 July. 
President Biden narrowly won Georgia in 2020, relying on a diverse coalition of voters. If he can't convince them again, a second term could be out reach.
BBC News NI correspondents examine the detail of the SDLP's manifesto for the general election.
BBC News NI correspondents examine the detail of the UUP's manifesto for the general election.
Shania Twain wants to pull off a Glastonbury first by riding a horse to her Legends slot.
A former student remembers what it was like living next door to the future Emperor of Japan.
Ad misleadingly compares a single year's rise in weekly pension with total rise in annual amount in 14 years.
Landing in Canberra, the Wikileaks founder's 14-year legal battle comes to an end after a plea deal with the US.
England midfielder Phil Foden leaves their Euro 2024 camp to return to the UK for the birth of his third child.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage after the Three Lions top Group C.
In Peterborough, Ed Thomas hears voters' concerns about social cohesion and pressure on public services. 
Air travel is booming, but last year delays were much worse than pre-pandemic. Will 2024 be the same?
Margaret Thatcher had Essex Man and New Labour boasted Mondeo Man. Now it's the turn of Renter Ruth.
 In England, the care system is struggling but the main parties have steered away from detailed plans.

Festival-goers have been lugging their belongings across Worthy Farm in baking sunshine. 
The defendant was arrested after revealing his alleged plot to a US undercover police officer online. 
England fast bowler Ollie Robinson is hit for 43 runs by Leicestershire's Louis Kimber in the most expensive over in the history of the County Championship.
Beekeeper Andrew Card helped relocate the three colonies which chose an Inverness bedroom as their home.

The rapper was being sued for using an uncleared sample the 1977 hit I Feel Love on his album.
One farmer told the BBC he faces 'constant warfare' against balaclava-clad thieves.
Election candidates have access to panic alarms and a named police contact to liaise with on security matters.
As England prepare for Sunday's Euro 2024 last-16 tie, BBC Sport pundits debate how they have performed and what needs to happen next.
In the space of a month in 2012, Andy Murray went from tears in the rain to gold in the sunshine, winning hearts and medals on Centre Court.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage after the Three Lions top Group C.
Georgia advance to the last 16 at Euro 2024 after beating Group F winners Portugal 2-0 in Gelsenkirchen.
Top stories, breaking news, live reporting, and follow news topics that match your interests
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
US court finalises plea agreement which sees extradition request lifted
The Conservative Party withdraws support for two candidates over election betting.
If you face disruption because flights are cancelled or delayed, then what can you do?
Bank of England interest rates affect mortgage, loan and savings rates for millions of people.
The rate at which prices are rising has fallen from record highs, meeting the 2% target.
What help and options are available to people struggling with debt repayments?
Changes announced in the Budget mean people earning up to £80,000 can get the benefit.
Nuria Sajjad and Selena Lau were hit by a Land Rover after the driver suffered an epileptic seizure.
Isaac Roxborough was involved in a single-vehicle collision in Eglington on Tuesday morning.
Voters in some areas are still waiting on postal ballots, but Royal Mail says they are being delivered as planned.
Rhianon Passmore is being investigated over claims she drove a car with two different number plates.
Thursday's debate between the two will be a reunion of sorts - although not exactly a friendly one.
The BBC's Sarah Smith looks at what's at stake for both men as they prove they're worth a second White House term.
Eight BBC correspondents give their view on the US election from global capitals.
Trying to understand it for the first time or need a refresher? This guide can help.
How the two candidates' policies compare on the economy, immigration, abortion and other big issues.
Reform UK has condemned campaigners for the party who were recorded making racist comments in Clacton.
The mother of Jay Slater's best friend has condemned "trolls" who have been targeting her online.  
An undercover police officer based in America is giving evidence to jurors via a video link. 
It follows a recent outbreak thought to be linked to supermarket sandwiches containing salad leaves.
She is set to serve a second five-year term as president of the European Commission.
CCTV captured the moment the ground gave way taking a stadium floodlight with it.
Another five have reportedly been injured following the crash about 80km east of Bratislava. 
Residents say Israeli ground forces moved into the eastern Gaza City district after intense strikes.
The ruling is part of Prince Harry's lawsuit against the Sun publisher over claims of phone hacking.
Scientists at the EU's Copernicus monitor say Russia's Sakha region is experiencing intense wildfires.
West Mercia Police say they arrested a 59-year-old man on suspicion of assault.
England attacking midfielder Phil Foden will return to Germany on Thursday after travelling to the United Kingdom for the birth of his third child.
British swimmer Archie Goodburn reveals he has been diagnosed with inoperable brain tumours.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
NI's five largest political parties face off in the second TV debate of the general election campaign.
The Conservative and Labour leaders have taken audience questions in a live BBC debate. Here their claims are fact-checked.
An 18-year-old who hasn't had his A-levels results yet is among those standing in the general election.
There were combative exchanges during the last leaders' debate ahead of the general election.
The Lib Dem leader says he wants a regulated market for cannabis so potent forms are not available.
With the election finish line nearing, the vast lead Labour has in the polls over the Tories hasn’t budged.
Different cases are posing wider questions about the relationship between politics and gambling.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Labour has confirmed it will change the way private school fees are taxed if it wins the election.
The BBC’s Nick Robinson explains how he is approaching his interviews with party leaders ahead of the UK general election.
The Conservatives say they can save £12bn from the welfare budget but Labour argue there are no extra savings to be had.
BBC correspondents analyse key policies in the Reform UK manifesto.
The BBC’s Marianna Spring has been using her Undercover Voters to analyse how the election is being fought on social media.
As part of our election coverage, the BBC wants to better understand what matters most to you, the voters.
The BBC's analysis editor answers some of your questions about constituency 
boundary changes.
BBC News NI correspondents examine the detail of Sinn Féin's manifesto for the general election.
With days to go until polling day, the general election features on many of Friday's front pages.
After the BBC saw a girl die in a small boat off France, we found the man who arranged the deadly trip.
Eight BBC correspondents give their view on the US election from global capitals.
 Gen Juan José Zúñiga's storming of the presidential palace revives memories of military rule.
The most intense fighting could be ending, but Gaza could see Israeli action for a long time to come.
Whatever the outcome, it seems unlikely that the constitution will vanish as an issue in Scottish politics.
The band look back at their Glastonbury history - including the year they shut down the Avalon field.
England defender Marc Guehi says they have been “doing a lot of work” on penalties as they prepare for the Euro 2024 knockout stages.
The 9-5 singer recently traced her ancestry to the Welsh valleys, saying she was "tickled pink".
The second day of Glastonbury saw people doing workouts, dressing like lobsters and tying the knot.
But new code of practice is criticised for failing to protect drivers from "sharks" in the industry.
The illustration for the first book sold for $1.9m - more than three times the expected price. 
Gareth Jenkins says he felt pressure from the Post Office over evidence he gave in the trial of Seema Misra.
The NHS is about to pay for a transformational haemophilia B treatment, the BBC speaks to one of the first to get it.
The actor joined the soap in 1995 but will now step behind the camera to become a director.
England defence of the T20 World Cup is over after they slump to a 68-run thrashing by a superb India in the semi-final in Guyana.
England defender Ezri Konsa says the families of players were hit by beer cups after their goalless draw with Slovenia.
Antonin Panenka's penalty in the Euro 1976 final birthed a whole new 12-yard tactic. But the risks were higher than anyone could imagine.
British swimmer Archie Goodburn reveals he has been diagnosed with inoperable brain tumours.
Britain’s Emma Raducanu, Katie Boulter and Harriet Dart are all beaten in the quarter-finals at Eastbourne.
England attacking midfielder Phil Foden will return to Germany on Thursday after travelling to the United Kingdom for the birth of his third child.
Watch all the wickets as England are "humbled" in their T20 World Cup semi final in Guyana with India set to take on South Africa in the final on Saturday.
Global pop sensation Dua Lipa explores her Glastonbury journey.
1Xtra celebrates R&B superstar SZA!
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
We’re in the spin room as Sunak and Starmer go head-to-head for the final time
Under the new price cap, the cost of electricity and gas will drop from 1 July.
The maximum amount that can be written off by a debt relief order has gone up from £30,000 to £50,000.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
Jaydon Beckford was found dead by the side of a canal, five days after shooting his friend.
NI's five largest political parties face off in the second TV debate of the general election campaign.
There are reports of 'difficulties' with the delivery of postal votes across Scotland.
Workers are told the firm is taking steps to potentially cease operations at the plant by 7 July.
The president says he would not be running if he could not do the job, after his performance sparked concern among Democrats.
Democratic officials, political operatives and people close to the president paint a picture of an anxious party after the debate.
The Reform UK leader defended his party after footage appeared to show an activist making racial slurs. 
Adrian Ramsay and Nigel Farage are pressed by the audience on their candidates, tax and the US election. 
The judge rejects the actor's latest challenge, meaning the trial will begin on 9 July. 
The BBC's Ros Atkins is swapping the studio for a DJ set at Glastonbury.
Gavin Plumb is on trial accused of plotting to abduct, rape and murder the TV presenter.
The court narrows the use of an obstruction charge brought against hundreds of people over the 2021 Capitol riot.
HM Prison Service said a former prison officer had been reported to police over the video.
The Spanish Civil Guard said the man was found in the western Pyrenees on Thursday afternoon.
Lawyers acting for two people who fell ill in the outbreak have started legal proceedings.
At least 150,000 Swifties are descending on the Irish capital for three nights.
Freddie Hahn, who lives in Crawley, was photographed having a nap at England’s match with Slovenia.
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
Train fares, small boats and Brexit - BBC Verify checks Adrian Ramsay's and Nigel Farage's answers.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Green Party co-leader was asked on BBC Question Time about migration and the switch from petrol cars.
The party's leader was asked on BBC Question Time about the selection of candidates for his party, and role of immigration in the UK.
The Lib Dem leader says he wants a "community-led" approach, with infrastructure built alongside homes.
The Labour leader says a government move to refuse applications has not deterred migrant crossings.
Green Party co-leader Adrian Ramsay and Reform UK leader Nigel Farage will each answer questions.
Sources tell the BBC Liam Booth-Smith is not a suspect in the investigation.
There were combative exchanges during the last leaders' debate ahead of the general election.
The Lib Dem leader says he wants a regulated market for cannabis so potent forms are not available.
With the election finish line nearing, the vast lead Labour has in the polls over the Tories hasn’t budged.
Different cases are posing wider questions about the relationship between politics and gambling.
Saturday's front pages react to Joe Biden's TV debate performance and have the latest on the UK election trail.
A poor debate performance has fuelled Democrat unease about Mr Biden's candidacy. 
Meet the young people, some not old enough to vote, thrust into the spotlight of the election debate.

Tina Fey has finally made fetch happen with her West End musical adaptation of Mean Girls.
The political parties have been laying out how they would address poverty.
The 13-piece boy band delight fans with the first ever K-pop set on the festival's main stage.
Test how closely you have been paying attention to what has been going on over the past seven days.
Sânziana Foia's non-invasive test detects harmful virus strains and delivers fast results at home.
Global reviews were most scathing of Mr Biden, but his Republican challenger did not escape criticism.
BBC Verify looks into various claims made on stage by Donald Trump and Joe Biden.
The president came into his debate with Donald Trump with a low bar to clear, and he struggled, writes Anthony Zurcher. 
The pair threw insults and clashed on stage about the biggest issues American voters care about - here's what they said.
Prominent voices in the Democratic Party are openly criticising the president's performance as the campaign focuses on Trump's "lies".
Whatever the outcome, it seems unlikely that the constitution will vanish as an issue in Scottish politics.
In Peterborough, Ed Thomas hears voters' concerns about social cohesion and pressure on public services. 
Air travel is booming, but last year delays were much worse than pre-pandemic. Will 2024 be the same?
The Princess Royal was taken to hospital after she sustained minor injuries thought to have been caused by a horse.
Tenerife police announce a large search as Jay Slater's friend recalls his last video call with him. 
Daniel Duffield, 24, and Lauren Evans, 22, were found at an address in Staffordshire earlier this week.
Several people have told the BBC they are still facing issues, with some saying they have little cash left.
Elvis gave the shoes away to a friend when he was called up for military service.
Former Fujitsu Horizon expert tells an inquiry he did not think the software was "a monster".
Club professional Frank Bensel Jr hits back-to-back holes-in-one during the second round of the US Senior Open.
We set the scene for the knockout stage of Euro 2024 by picking out some of the themes to look out for.
A thrilling battle for yellow will not take the shine off Mark Cavendish's attempt to break the Tour de France stage win record. 
Chelsea left-back Ian Maatsen becomes Aston Villa's second signing of the summer while the Blues are closing in on a deal for teenager Omari Kellyman.
Novak Djokovic says he is "pain free" after coming through an exhibition against Daniil Medvedev prior to the start of Wimbledon next week.
World number one Nelly Korda pulls out of the Aramco Team Series event in Hemel Hempstead after being bitten by a dog.


Anthony Joshua and Daniel Dubois have to be held apart by security after clashing during an interview recording.
Max Verstappen edges out Lando Norris by just 0.093 seconds to take pole position for the sprint race at the Austrian Grand Prix.
Global pop sensation Dua Lipa explores her Glastonbury journey.
1Xtra celebrates R&B superstar SZA!
And, Newscast is in Glasgow with Newsnight.
All aboard the Election Express! Passengers sound off on the issues that matter to them.
Under the new price cap, the cost of electricity and gas will drop from 1 July.
The maximum amount that can be written off by a debt relief order has gone up from £30,000 to £50,000.
Use our calculator to find out how much the cost of living is going up in your household.
If you face disruption because flights are cancelled or delayed, then what can you do?
Jurors are deciding whether Veronique John inflicted fatal wounds on her children Ethan and Elizabeth.
The strike action, which will last for eight hours, starts at 05:00 local time on Saturday.
Edinburgh and Fife residents who have not been issued with their postal votes can submit their vote in person over the weekend.
Trust in politicians has fallen to an "historic low" this general election, a polling expert says.
Jordan Bardella and Marine Le Pen's National Rally hopes to assume power for the first time.
The candidates will still appear on the ballot paper as it is too late to remove them.
Sugar taxes have been widely debated but in party manifestos, the word "sugar" barely appears. Why?
The US star struggled to be heard, and to hear herself, during a much-anticipated Pyramid stage set.
The BBC's economics editor speaks to Swindon residents as part of the Your Voice, Your Vote project.
There's been drama galore over the past month - but have our politicians really addressed the crucial issues facing the country?
Suspected suicide bombers attacked a wedding and funerals in Gwoza, officials say.
The 27-year-old stopped by for a performance at Glastonbury on the weekend of her new album release.
The Ukrainian president says more missiles and air defences are needed after a Russian strike kills seven.
The Labour leader says the claim is "desperate" as he has been trusted with sensitive defence briefings.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage after the Three Lions top Group C.
Jamal Musiala's international career began with England but he is now starring for Germany at Euro 2024.
We set the scene for the knockout stage of Euro 2024 by picking out some of the themes to look out for.
Former England goalkeeper Joe Hart explains why he loved taking part in shootouts, whether he was trying to score goals or save them.
This season could not have gone much better for Granit Xhaka and now is the perfect opportunity to lead his country to Euro 2024 success.
England forward Anthony Gordon says he will do a cycling celebration if he scores at Euro 2024 after an electric bike accident.
Labour's plans to deliver 1.5 million new homes and a warning from Rishi Sunak lead the papers.
Jan and Els sought medical intervention to end their lives after 50 happy years of marriage. 
The parade started off at midday at Hyde Park and ended at Trafalgar Square.
Democratic officials, political operatives and people close to the president paint a picture of an anxious party after the debate.
Talking to the BBC, the marine describes the struggle of battling Russian advances near Kharkiv. 
Reports of a mass killing by police in a Nairobi suburb spread quickly. The BBC looked for the evidence.
Director Naoki Yoshida says the new release is a significant moment for the Final Fantasy franchise.
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
Adrian Ramsay and Nigel Farage are pressed by the audience on their candidates, tax and the US election. 
 Snarky jibes and silly memes have been a hit on TikTok but the real social battle is  elsewhere.
Party leaders have been asked about where they stand on the topic of single-sex spaces.
The 2024 election campaign has seen further growth in British politicians' favourite metaphor.
Green Party co-leader was asked on BBC Question Time about migration and the switch from petrol cars.
The party's leader was asked on BBC Question Time about the selection of candidates for his party, and role of immigration in the UK.
Find out which constituency you are in, who you can vote for and where you can vote using our postcode search.
The Lib Dem leader says he wants a "community-led" approach, with infrastructure built alongside homes.
The Labour leader says a government move to refuse applications has not deterred migrant crossings.
Sources tell the BBC Liam Booth-Smith is not a suspect in the investigation.
At BBC News, we need your help to ensure we’re getting our election coverage right.

There were combative exchanges during the last leaders' debate ahead of the general election.
With the election finish line nearing, the vast lead Labour has in the polls over the Tories hasn’t budged.
Different cases are posing wider questions about the relationship between politics and gambling.
Labour has confirmed it will change the way private school fees are taxed if it wins the election.
The BBC’s Nick Robinson explains how he is approaching his interviews with party leaders ahead of the UK general election.
The political parties have been laying out how they would address poverty.
The policeman was wounded in the neck before shooting the attacker dead, officials say.
A new search involving skilled volunteers is underway for the missing British teenager.
Conservative Saeed Jalili and reformist Massoud Pezeshkian are the two frontrunners.
Tributes are paid to the legendary, record-breaking Lake District fell runner Joss Naylor.
Thelma Barlow, who lives in Faversham, came out of retirement for film Sleepless in Settle in Rye. 
The dog was "destroyed at the scene as the last possible option", police say.
The team, which included British explorer Sir David Hempleman-Adams, are said to be "extremely disappointed".
Global pop sensation Dua Lipa explores her Glastonbury journey.
1Xtra celebrates R&B superstar SZA!
In a tournament billed as cricket's attempt to break into the US, India's dramatic win provides a Hollywood ending, writes Matthew Henry.
Italy are described as "shambolic" and the "worst in a lifetime" after exiting to Switzerland, but Luciano Spalletti remains unfazed.
Watch highlights as hosts Germany progress to the quarter-finals as they beat Denmark in the Euro 2024 last 16 match at the BVB Stadion Dortmund.
Rising sprint star Louie Hinchliffe will make his Olympic debut at Paris 2024 after winning the British 100m title at the UK Athletics Championships in Manchester.
Watch as India's Suryakumar Yadav takes an incredible catch to dismiss David Miller for 21 in the final over of the T20 World Cup final against South Africa.  
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
What could happen in the final five days?
A 31-year-old man died at the scene of the crash involving a Tesla and a bus, police say.
The strike action, which lasted for eight hours, affected more than 100 flights on Saturday.
Replacement voting packs are issued in some areas, but officials say most remaining ballots should be delivered on Saturday
A campaign group says Travellers are treated like "political footballs" during election campaigns.
National Rally is in pole position for a historic election victory and stands at the gates of power.
Two more Palestinian men tell the BBC they were shot and forced on to the bonnet of an Israeli jeep.
The right-wing National Rally is projected to top the first vote - but all is still to play for.
Liam Booth-Isherwood ditches his campaign citing "reports of racism" in the party. 
The US R&B star shone, but drew the smallest-ever audience for a headline set on the Pyramid Stage.
The artist used an unsuspecting band at Glastonbury Festival to launch his latest performance.
The Spanish police search for Jay Slater ends, but his family and friends maintain their efforts.
The Met Police said it began an investigation "after officers were made aware of a video".
Caribbean islands are preparing for the arrival of an increasingly powerful storm from Sunday night.
According to the poll, 72% of registered voters believe Mr Biden is not mentally fit enough to serve as president.
A wedding, the funeral of those killed there as well as a hospital were targeted in a series of attacks.
George Russell wins the Austrian Grand Prix after a collision between Max Verstappen and Lando Norris while they were fighting for the lead.
At half-time in England's game against Slovakia there were "Iceland vibes" and, even at the end, "Sweet Caroline didn't sound very sweet" - but the Three Lions are in a fourth quarter-final in a row under Gareth Southgate.
Jude Bellingham pulled Gareth Southgate's side clear of the precipice with one of the finest goals scored by anyone in an England shirt, writes Phil McNulty.
Watch as Jude Bellingham scores a stunning injury-time goal to send England in to extra time against Slovakia in the Euro 2024 last-16 match at Gelsenkirchen.
Watch England fans erupt at a fanpark in Wembley as Jude Bellingham scores a late stunner to send the game to extra time against Slovakia in the Euro 2024 last-16 match in Gelsenkirchen.



BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage.
Nico Williams has been one of Spain's standout players at Euro 2024. BBC Sport looks at his remarkable journey to the top.
Midfielder Declan Rice says England's players would "do anything to protect" under-fire manager Gareth Southgate after they booked a last-eight meeting with Switzerland in dramatic fashion.
The Football Association criticises AI-generated videos on social media purporting to show Gareth Southgate making crude remarks about England players.
Monday's papers focus on the first round of elections in France and England's tense performance at the Euros on Sunday.
The country star draws a huge audience to the Pyramid Stage for the Sunday teatime Legends Slot.
The 39-year-old Canadian singer performed at the festival as part of her greatest hits tour.
Almost two weeks after the 19-year-old was last seen, the search has now been called off.
About 1,000 residents in Edinburgh see a huge jump in their heating bills.
Raducanu returns, Draper looks to pick up Murray's baton, and more key things to watch out for when Wimbledon starts on Monday.
Sugar taxes have been widely debated but in party manifestos, the word "sugar" barely appears. Why?
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
The PM says Coivd and the Ukraine war made things "difficult" but the UK was "on the right track". 
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
SNP leader John Swinney says a UK-wide approach will not address Scotland's skills shortages.
With four days to go until election day, the Tories are still behind Labour by 20 points.
Labour wouldn’t send asylum seekers to Rwanda, but can their alternative plan hope to stop the boats?
There's been drama galore over the past month - but have our politicians really addressed the crucial issues facing the country?
BBC NI's political editor Enda McClafferty looks at how effective manifestos are in Northern Ireland.
Andy Cato, the musician turned regenerative farmer, has won over Clarkson's Farm and its audience.
Some South Koreans are spending time in a cell to try to understand their socially isolated children.
Nyah Mway died after police mistook his replica gun for a real firearm and shot him in the chest.
A new tour of Balmoral Castle for members of the public starts on Monday.
Lila, 11, and Lois, 10, are set to perform in the choir's Choral Evensong service on Sunday.
Gunmen opened fire on guests at a venue in Thionville, north-east France killing a man in his 30s.
Jude Bellingham pulled Gareth Southgate's side clear of the precipice with one of the finest goals scored by anyone in an England shirt, writes Phil McNulty.
At half-time in England's game against Slovakia there were "Iceland vibes" and, even at the end, "Sweet Caroline didn't sound very sweet" - but the Three Lions are in a fourth quarter-final in a row under Gareth Southgate.
Watch every angle of Jude Bellingham's last gasp injury-time equaliser as England advance to the Euro 2024 quarter-final after beating Slovakia in the last 16 match at Gelsenkirchen.
Lando Norris accuses Max Verstappen, his friend and now closest rival, of driving that was “a little bit desperate”, after a battle at the Austrian GP.
Jude Bellingham and Harry Kane score as England progress to the Euro 2024 quarter-finals by beating Slovakia in extra time in Gelsenkirchen.



Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
The PM and Labour’s campaign chief are in Laura’s BBC One studio
"Troubling" footage appears to show some University of Warwick students singing a WW2 marching song.
One of the homes was occupied at the time of the attack, police say.
SNP leader John Swinney says a UK-wide approach will not address Scotland's skills shortages.
Marc Jenkins said he had a "massive case of imposter syndrome" when applying to become a candidate.
The US president condemns a Supreme Court verdict giving his predecessor partial immunity from prosecution.
Despite the rhetoric the Conservative campaign is undeniably crouched in a defensive posture.
In food banks across one town, people say they are desperate - and the election is failing to offer hope.
Uefa are investigating England midfielder Jude Bellingham after he made a gesture following the win over Slovakia at Euro 2024.
People have been fleeing in darkness after being told to leave areas east of Khan Younis.
A report finds St Thomas Philadelphia church in Sheffield had "supported" conversion therapy.
Like Jay Slater, Steven Cook was on his first trip abroad without parents when he vanished.
Emma Raducanu makes a winning return to Wimbledon, but fellow Britons Heather Watson, Charles Broom, Liam Broady and Arthur Fery lose on day one.
From Camila Cabello's ice lollies to Dua Lipa's dreams coming true, Glastonbury Festival had it all.
Hongchi Xiao was charged with manslaughter by gross negligence late last year. 
The Dreamliner plane was flying from Madrid to Montevideo when the mid-air incident happened.
National Rally's rivals aim to prevent it from winning an absolute majority in the National Assembly.
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
The parties' top battleground targets across the UK. 
Scotland's councils said anyone who had not received their postal votes should get in touch.
With four days to go until election day, the Tories are still behind Labour by 20 points.
Labour wouldn’t send asylum seekers to Rwanda, but can their alternative plan hope to stop the boats?
There's been drama galore over the past month - but have our politicians really addressed the crucial issues facing the country?
BBC NI's political editor Enda McClafferty looks at how effective manifestos are in Northern Ireland.
 Snarky jibes and silly memes have been a hit on TikTok but the real social battle is  elsewhere.
Party leaders have been asked about where they stand on the topic of single-sex spaces.
The 2024 election campaign has seen further growth in British politicians' favourite metaphor.
The former president achieves his immediate objective of delaying the trial until after November's election.
Neil Foden has been jailed for sexually abusing girls - but there were complaints about him in 2019.
Raducanu returns, Draper looks to pick up Murray's baton, and more key things to watch out for when Wimbledon starts on Monday.
Two more Palestinian men tell the BBC they were shot and forced on to the bonnet of an Israeli jeep.
Eritreans tell the BBC their relatives are being detained incommunicado by Sudan's military.
The search for missing Jay Slater was called off by police in Tenerife on Sunday.
The number of hurricanes is not increasing, but they are becoming more intense as the world warms.
England face Switzerland in the quarter-finals of Euro 2024 on Saturday with more questions than answers given their performance in the tournament so far.
Former captain Alan Shearer on England's dramatic Euro 2024 win over Slovakia and how boss Gareth Southgate will not change his ways.
Jude Bellingham scored a winning goal against Slovakia, with an airborne kick that shocked the audience.

Former Portugal defender Jose Fonte on life in the camp with Cristiano Ronaldo at a major tournament and what it took to win the European Championship in 2016.
Throughout Euro 2024 BBC Sport will update this page with your channel guide for each game.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage.
Jude Bellingham pulled Gareth Southgate's side clear of the precipice with one of the finest goals scored by anyone in an England shirt, writes Phil McNulty.
Watch England fans erupt at a fanpark in Wembley as Jude Bellingham scores a late stunner to send the game to extra time against Slovakia in the Euro 2024 last-16 match in Gelsenkirchen.



Nico Williams has been one of Spain's standout players at Euro 2024. BBC Sport looks at his remarkable journey to the top.
Midfielder Declan Rice says England's players would "do anything to protect" under-fire manager Gareth Southgate after they booked a last-eight meeting with Switzerland in dramatic fashion.
The Football Association criticises AI-generated videos on social media purporting to show Gareth Southgate making crude remarks about England players.
Sugar taxes have been widely debated but in party manifestos, the word "sugar" barely appears. Why?
Tony Hudgell was on his way to Buckingham Palace in May when he got stuck in traffic on the M20.
It is the second time since April that Household Cavalry horses have bolted through the capital.
Peter Fouché died last week while working as a combat medic in Ukraine, his charity said.
The small Carriacou Island in Grenada is the first to experience the dangerous storm.
The actor fell off stage last month during a performance of Player Kings at the Noël Coward theatre.
Indie bands of the 2010s provide a strong showing on this year's Glastonbury festival line-up.
Judge tells Neil Foden he is depraved and hid "a dreadful secret… an obsession with teenage girls".
Cristiano Ronaldo went from tears to triumph as Portugal beat Slovenia in a dramatic shootout win.
Andy Murray will make a final decision on Tuesday whether he is fit enough to play in the Wimbledon singles later that day.
An own goal was enough to send France into the Euro 2024 quarter-finals at Belgium's expense but their scoring struggles remain a concern.
Watch as Cristiano Ronaldo's penalty draws a 'world class' save from Jan Oblak in the Euro 2024 last-16 match between Portugal and Slovenia in Frankfurt.
Emma Raducanu makes a winning return to Wimbledon, but fellow Britons Heather Watson, Charles Broom, Liam Broady and Arthur Fery lose on day one.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election campaign, from BBC News.
Amol and Nick on the parties’ get-out-the-vote messages.
Plus, how to plan for election night
Seven strangers meet on the Election Express. They don't know how one another are voting.
Under the new price cap, the cost of electricity and gas dropped on 1 July.
Linda De Sousa Abreu has appeared in court charged with misconduct in public office.
The additional £122m is still less than the Department of Health says it needs to avoid cuts.
Waste and recycling staff in Edinburgh vote to strike over a pay dispute during the Festival.
It was described as a "warzone" after riots, and locals say they want change from new government.
The baby's family say they have been forced to endure a "long, torturous and emotional journey - twice".
The Supreme Court ruled that Trump had immunity from prosecution for "official acts"  prompting the challenge to his New York conviction.
As polling day approaches the leaders have been travelling the country in a bid to win votes.
Can other parties really win seats that have mainly voted for the Conservatives for decades?
The president said his shaky debate performance came after he flew "around the world a couple of times".
The 19-year-old has been missing since 17 June after he told a friend he was lost in the mountains.
The incident took place at a Hindu religious event in Hathras district in Uttar Pradesh state.
Diabetic Danielle Carr-Gomm, 71, stopped taking insulin during sessions run by an alternative healer.
Arlene Mitchell, from West Lothian, defied odds of 700,000 to one by giving birth to Ben, Noah, Harrison and Rory.
Jeff Whitefoot, the last surviving member of Manchester United's Busby Babes side of the 1950s and an FA Cup winner with Nottingham Forest, dies aged 90.
A critic of Western support for Ukraine, he is seen as the European leader closest to Russia's Vladimir Putin.
At least three people are reported to have died in the hurricane so far.
Explore the manifestos of the main parties in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and compare their policies on key issues with this interactive guide. 
Here is what you need to know about some of the potentially misleading things the parties have been saying.
The BBC's analysis editor looks at what the number of independent candidates at the general election reveals about our political system.
The UK general election is on 4 July but there are concerns some postal votes have been delayed.
Marianna Spring talks through the tactics seen on the social media feeds of voters.
How do people say they will vote in the UK general election? Our poll tracker measures the trends.
BBC audiences have asked for more detail on issues such as fly-tipping, income tax thresholds and assisted dying
The BBC is not allowed to report details of campaigning while the polls are open on election day.
The UK general election is on 4 July but there are concerns some postal votes have been delayed.
Everyone voting in person at the general election on 4 July will have to show valid photo ID.
But the move marks a significant step towards resolving one of Israel's most divisive issues.
A senator says she has been "exiled" for voting against her party to recognise Palestinian statehood.
National Rally's rivals aim to prevent it from winning an absolute majority in the National Assembly.
Replacing the 6,000 calories burned daily by a Tour de France rider, while negotiating the vaguaries and motorways of a 21-stage, 2,100 mile race is a formidable challenge.
Despite it bringing an estimated £6bn to the UK economy, politicians don't tend to talk about gaming. 
Lucius Banda, who has died aged 53, became known as the "soldier" for the voiceless.
Spain "won't relax" at Euro 2024 now people are regarding them as "favourites", says forward Mikel Oyarzabal.
Cristiano Ronaldo went from tears to triumph as Portugal beat Slovenia in a dramatic shootout win.
An own goal was enough to send France into the Euro 2024 quarter-finals at Belgium's expense but their scoring struggles remain a concern.
Gareth Southgate says England know they "should be better than they have been" at Euro 2024 but their late last-16 win over Slovakia has given them belief.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage.
In food banks across one town, people say they are desperate - and the election is failing to offer hope.
Neighbours in BS3 collectively won more than £3m in the draw. 
Former England captain Sir Geoffrey Boycott has been diagnosed with throat cancer for the second time and will have surgery.
The monarch's traditional July programme in Edinburgh is taking place over two days this year due to the general election. 
Daniel Halliday's family has released a statement saying his disappearance is their "worst fear".
Charlotte never delivered her young, which she possibly conceived through asexual reproduction.
Patients have left a hospital and tent camps as Israel appears poised to launch another assault on the city.
The electric car maker sold more cars than expected this spring, raising hopes of a revival. 
Mert Gunok is compared with Gordon Banks after making one of the Euros' "greatest saves" to send Turkey into the Euro 2024 quarter-finals.
The Netherlands put in a performance against Romania that suggests that they, like their colourful fans, have joined the party at Euro 2024 and left pundits predicting they could potentially go all the way to the final.
Jack Draper marks his first Wimbledon match as British men's number one with a five-set win under the Centre Court lights.
British number one Katie Boulter battles past Tatjana Maria to set up a second-round meeting with compatriot Harriet Dart.
Continuing coverage of the 2024 General Election Campaign, from BBC News
Chris and Adam refuel with insights from the final days of the campaign trail.
Tony Dixon, who used artificial mesh to treat prolapsed bowels, 'made a number of failures'. 
Sir Jeffrey now faces 18 sex offence charges which are alleged to have occurred between 1985 and 2006.
Unite members rejected the pay offer in May, and have now voted to strike in 16 local authorities.
Could Wales lose four of its previous Welsh secretaries in one night?
Polls will open at 07:00 on Thursday as millions prepare to cast their vote in the general election.
Speculation is swirling around whether the president will continue his re-election bid after last week's disastrous debate.
At least seven people die as a result of the powerful hurricane raging across the Caribbean.
Briton Mark Cavendish claims the outright Tour de France stage win record by taking his 35th victory to surpass Eddy Merckx on stage five in Saint Vulbas.
The oldest example of cave art has been discovered on an Indonesian island and dated back 51,200 years.
Bodhana will represent England at the Chess Olympiad in Hungary - before she's finished primary school. 
It's been a return to cooler and wetter weather following late June's spell of heat. Can we expect the return of anything warmer soon?
Owners of adjacent waterways or even members of the public could now bring action over sewage pollution.
French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal urges voters to stop Marine Le Pen's party winning Sunday's vote.
A total of 11 people have been convicted in the UK over the lorry deaths discovered in Essex.
The family of the late fundraising veteran say they have made the "difficult decision" not to appeal.
The newspaper says the Tories have become "a divided rabble" and need "a period in opposition to unite".
People prescribed semaglutide may have a higher risk of developing a rare eye condition, a study suggests.
Beryl is the earliest category five Atlantic hurricane on record, fuelled by exceptional sea warmth.
Two thirds of Australian women say they have encountered gender bias or discrimination in healthcare.
A former US police officer runs an AI-powered network of misleading news sites turning its sights towards November.
The incident that took place during a religious gathering is among the deadliest crushes in India in a decade.
The two tech firms were among the first to see the commercial potential of AI.
We asked Democratic voters if they thought Joe Biden should be replaced and by whom. 
The rise of Gayton McKenzie from a former bank robber to a politician in the new unity government.
BBC Sport takes a look at five reasons to be positive about England's Euro 2024 chances after they reached the quarter-finals.
BBC Sport columnist Nedum Onuoha explains why Euro 2024 is not bringing out the best versions of the top teams and star players.
The Netherlands put in a performance against Romania that suggests that they, like their colourful fans, have joined the party at Euro 2024 and left pundits predicting they could potentially go all the way to the final.
Spain "won't relax" at Euro 2024 now people are regarding them as "favourites", says forward Mikel Oyarzabal.
Cristiano Ronaldo went from tears to triumph as Portugal beat Slovenia in a dramatic shootout win.
An own goal was enough to send France into the Euro 2024 quarter-finals at Belgium's expense but their scoring struggles remain a concern.
Gareth Southgate says England know they "should be better than they have been" at Euro 2024 but their late last-16 win over Slovakia has given them belief.
Jude Bellingham scored a winning goal against Slovakia, with an airborne kick that shocked the audience.

Former Portugal defender Jose Fonte on life in the camp with Cristiano Ronaldo at a major tournament and what it took to win the European Championship in 2016.
BBC Sport takes a look at England's possible routes through the Euro 2024 knockout stage.
Jude Bellingham pulled Gareth Southgate's side clear of the precipice with one of the finest goals scored by anyone in an England shirt, writes Phil McNulty.
Watch England fans erupt at a fanpark in Wembley as Jude Bellingham scores a late stunner to send the game to extra time against Slovakia in the Euro 2024 last-16 match in Gelsenkirchen.



Nico Williams has been one of Spain's standout players at Euro 2024. BBC Sport looks at his remarkable journey to the top.
Palestinians continue to stream out of eastern Khan Younis in response to Israeli evacuation orders.
The whale was spotted as the schoolchildren were returning from a trip to Sark.
CCTV footages shows Woodward ramming into another motorist who tried to overtake him on the A55.
Police say they are looking into reports relating to "an apparent case of assisted dying" in 1981.
The learner, who finally passed, notched up the highest number of fails for a single person in 2023.
The country says the policy will help boost economic growth.
Aminan Rahman choked Suma Begum before putting her into a suitcase and dumping it in a river.
Briton Mark Cavendish claims the outright Tour de France stage win record by taking his 35th victory to surpass Eddy Merckx on stage five in Saint Vulbas.
Emma Raducanu cruises past Belgium’s Elise Mertens to join fellow Briton Sonay Kartal in the Wimbledon third round.
England forward Phil Foden says the team's players "need to take some of the blame"  for poor performances and that he "feels sorry" for under pressure manager Gareth Southgate.
Lauren Bell takes a career-best 5-37 as England seal a 3-0 series win over New Zealand at Bristol. 
Andy Murray begins his Wimbledon farewell on Thursday as he teams up with brother Jamie in the men's doubles, while there are two all-British battles in the singles.
Emma Raducanu completes a dominant 6-1 6-2 victory over Elise Mertens to move into the third round of Wimbledon 2024.
John White did the League and Cup Double and won the Cup Winners Cup winner, but his sudden death left his son searching for the man beneath the comic-book persona 
The National Rally party is now a dominant force in France
